How many heads of the departments are older than 56 ?
List the name, born state and age of the heads of departments ordered by age.
List the creation year, name and budget of each department.
What are the maximum and minimum budget of the departments?
What is the average number of employees of the departments whose rank is between 10 and 15?
What are the names of the heads who are born outside the California state?
What are the distinct creation years of the departments managed by a secretary born in state 'Alabama'?
What are the names of the states where at least 3 heads were born?
In which year were most departments established?
Show the name and number of employees for the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes'?
How many acting statuses are there?
How many departments are led by heads who are not mentioned?
What are the distinct ages of the heads who are acting?
List the states where both the secretary of 'Treasury' department and the secretary of 'Homeland Security' were born.
Which department has more than 1 head at a time? List the id, name and the number of heads.
Which head's name has the substring 'Ha'? List the id and name.
How many farms are there?
List the total number of horses on farms in ascending order.
What are the hosts of competitions whose theme is not "Aliens"?
What are the themes of farm competitions sorted by year in ascending order?
What is the average number of working horses of farms with more than 5000 total number of horses?
What are the maximum and minimum number of cows across all farms.
How many different statuses do cities have?
List official names of cities in descending order of population.
List the official name and status of the city with the largest population.
Show the years and the official names of the host cities of competitions.
Show the official names of the cities that have hosted more than one competition.
Show the status of the city that has hosted the greatest number of competitions.
Please show the themes of competitions with host cities having populations larger than 1000.
Please show the different statuses of cities and the average population of cities with each status.
Please show the different statuses, ordered by the number of cities that have each.
List the most common type of Status across cities.
List the official names of cities that have not held any competition.
Show the status shared by cities with population bigger than 1500 and smaller than 500.
Find the official names of cities with population bigger than 1500 or smaller than 500.
Show the census ranking of cities whose status are not "Village".
which course has most number of registered students?
what is id of students who registered some courses but the least number of courses in these students?
what are the first name and last name of all candidates?
List the id of students who never attends courses?
List the id of students who attended some courses?
What are the ids of all students for courses and what are the names of those courses?
What is detail of the student who most recently registered course?
How many students attend course English?
How many courses do the student whose id is 171 attend?
Find id of the candidate whose email is stanley.monahan@example.org?
Find id of the candidate who most recently accessed the course?
What is detail of the student who registered the most number of courses?
List the id of students who registered some courses and the number of their registered courses?
How many registed students do each course have? List course name and the number of their registered students?
Find id of candidates whose assessment code is "Pass"?
Find the cell mobile number of the candidates whose assessment code is "Fail"?
What are the id of students who registered course 301?
What is the id of the student who most recently registered course 301?
Find distinct cities of addresses of people?
Find distinct cities of address of students?
List the names of courses in alphabetical order?
List the first names of people in alphabetical order?
What are the id of students who registered courses or attended courses?
Find the id of courses which are registered or attended by student whose id is 121?
What are all info of students who registered courses but not attended courses?
List the id of students who registered course statistics in the order of registration date.
List the id of students who attended  statistics courses in the order of attendance date.
Give me the dates when the max temperature was higher than 85.
What are the names of stations that have latitude lower than 37.5?
For each city, return the highest latitude among its stations.
Give me the start station and end station for the trips with the three oldest id.
What is the average latitude and longitude of stations located in San Jose city?
What is the id of the trip that has the shortest duration?
What is the total and maximum duration of trips with bike id 636?
For each zip code, return the average mean temperature of August there.
From the trip record, find the number of unique bikes.
What is the number of distinct cities the stations are located at?
How many stations does Mountain View city has?
Return the unique name for stations that have ever had 7 bikes available.
Which start station had the most trips starting from August? Give me the name and id of the station.
Which bike traveled the most often in zip code 94002?
How many days had both mean humidity above 50 and mean visibility above 8?
What is the latitude, longitude, city of the station from which the shortest trip started?
What are the ids of stations that are located in San Francisco and have average bike availability above 10.
What are the names and ids of stations that had more than 14 bikes available on average or were installed in December?
What is the 3 most common cloud cover rates in the region of zip code 94107?
What is the zip code in which the average mean sea level pressure is the lowest?
What is the average bike availability in stations that are not located in Palo Alto?
What is the average longitude of stations that never had bike availability more than 10?
When and in what zip code did max temperature reach 80?
Give me ids for all the trip that took place in a zip code area with average mean temperature above 60.
For each zip code, return how many times max wind speed reached 25?
On which day and in which zip code was the min dew point lower than any day in zip code 94107?
For each trip, return its ending station's installation date.
Which trip started from the station with the largest dock count? Give me the trip id.
Count the number of trips that did not end in San Francisco city.
In zip code 94107, on which day neither Fog nor Rain was not observed?
What are the ids of stations that have latitude above 37.4 and never had bike availability below 7?
What are names of stations that have average bike availability above 10 and are not located in San Jose city?
What are the name, latitude, and city of the station with the lowest latitude?
What are the date, mean temperature and mean humidity for the top 3 days with the largest max gust speeds?
List the name and the number of stations for all the cities that have at least 15 stations.
Find the ids and names of stations from which at least 200 trips started.
Find the zip code in which the average mean visibility is lower than 10.
List all the cities in a decreasing order of each city's stations' highest latitude.
What are the dates that had the top 5 cloud cover rates? Also tell me the cloud cover rate.
What are the ids and durations of the trips with the top 3 durations?
For each station, return its longitude and the average duration of trips that started from the station.
For each station, find its latitude and the minimum duration of trips that ended at the station.
List all the distinct stations from which a trip of duration below 100 started.
Find all the zip codes in which the max dew point have never reached 70.
Find the id for the trips that lasted at least as long as the average duration of trips in zip code 94103.
What are the dates in which the mean sea level pressure was between 30.3 and 31?
Find the day in which the difference between the max temperature and min temperature was the smallest. Also report the difference.
What are the id and name of the stations that have ever had more than 12 bikes available?
Give me the zip code where the average mean humidity is below 70 and at least 100 trips took place.
What are the names of stations that are located in Palo Alto city but have never been the ending point of trips more than 100 times?
How many trips started from Mountain View city and ended at Palo Alto city?
What is the average latitude and longitude of the starting points of all trips?
How many books are there?
List the writers of the books in ascending alphabetical order.
List the titles of the books in ascending order of issues.
What are the titles of the books whose writer is not "Elaine Lee"?
What are the title and issues of the books?
What are the dates of publications in descending order of price?
What are the distinct publishers of publications with price higher than 5000000?
List the publisher of the publication with the highest price.
List the publication dates of publications with 3 lowest prices.
Show the title and publication dates of books.
Show writers who have published a book with price more than 4000000.
Show the titles of books in descending order of publication price.
Show publishers that have more than one publication.
Show different publishers together with the number of publications they have.
Please show the most common publication date.
List the writers who have written more than one book.
List the titles of books that are not published.
Show the publishers that have publications with price higher than 10000000 and publications with price lower than 5000000.
What is the number of distinct publication dates?
Show the prices of publications whose publisher is either "Person" or "Wiley"
How many actors are there?
List the name of actors in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the characters and duration of actors?
List the name of actors whose age is not 20.
What are the characters of actors in descending order of age?
What is the duration of the oldest actor?
What are the names of musicals with nominee "Bob Fosse"?
What are the distinct nominees of the musicals with the award that is not "Tony Award"?
Show names of actors and names of musicals they are in.
Show names of actors that have appeared in musical with name "The Phantom of the Opera".
Show names of actors in descending order of the year their musical is awarded.
Show names of musicals and the number of actors who have appeared in the musicals.
Show names of musicals which have at least three actors.
Show different nominees and the number of musicals they have been nominated.
Please show the nominee who has been nominated the greatest number of times.
List the most common result of the musicals.
List the nominees that have been nominated more than two musicals.
List the name of musicals that do not have actors.
Show the nominees that have nominated musicals for both "Tony Award" and "Drama Desk Award".
Show the musical nominee with award "Bob Fosse" or "Cleavant Derricks".
Find the emails of the user named "Mary".
What is the partition id of the user named "Iron Man".
How many users are there?
How many followers does each user have?
Find the number of followers for each user.
Find the number of tweets in record.
Find the number of users who posted some tweets.
Find the name and email of the user whose name contains the word ‘Swift’.
Find the names of users whose emails contain ‘superstar’ or ‘edu’.
Return the text of tweets about the topic 'intern'.
Find the name and email of the users who have more than 1000 followers.
Find the names of the users whose number of followers is greater than that of the user named "Tyler Swift".
Find the name and email for the users who have more than one follower.
Find the names of users who have more than one tweet.
Find the id of users who are followed by Mary and Susan.
Find the id of users who are followed by Mary or Susan.
Find the name of the user who has the largest number of followers.
Find the name and email of the user followed by the least number of people.
List the name and number of followers for each user, and sort the results by the number of followers in descending order.
List the names of 5 users followed by the largest number of other users.
List the text of all tweets in the order of date.
Find the name of each user and number of tweets tweeted by each of them.
Find the name and partition id for users who tweeted less than twice.
Find the name of the user who tweeted more than once, and number of tweets tweeted by them.
Find the average number of followers for the users who do not have any tweet.
Find the average number of followers for the users who had some tweets.
Find the maximum and total number of followers of all users.
Find the names of all the catalog entries.
Find the list of attribute data types possessed by more than 3 attribute definitions.
What is the attribute data type of the attribute with name "Green"?
Find the name and level of catalog structure with level between 5 and 10.
Find all the catalog publishers whose name contains "Murray"
Which catalog publisher has published the most catalogs?
Find the names and publication dates of all catalogs that have catalog level number greater than 5.
What are the entry names of catalog with the attribute possessed by most entries.
What is the entry name of the most expensive catalog (in USD)?
What is the level name of the cheapest catalog (in USD)?
What are the average and minimum price (in Euro) of all products?
What is the product with the highest height? Give me the catalog entry name.
Find the name of the product that has the smallest capacity.
Find the names of all the products whose stock number starts with "2".
Find the names of catalog entries with level number 8.
Find the names of the products with length smaller than 3 or height greater than 5.
Find the name and attribute ID of the attribute definitions with attribute value 0.
Find the name and capacity of products with price greater than 700 (in USD).
Find the dates on which more than one revisions were made.
How many products are there in the records?
Name all the products with next entry ID greater than 8.
How many aircrafts do we have?
Show name and distance for all aircrafts.
Show ids for all aircrafts with more than 1000 distance.
How many aircrafts have distance between 1000 and 5000?
What is the name and distance for aircraft with id 12?
What is the minimum, average, and maximum distance of all aircrafts.
Show the id and name of the aircraft with the maximum distance.
Show the name of aircrafts with top three lowest distances.
Show names for all aircrafts with distances more than the average.
How many employees do we have?
Show name and salary for all employees sorted by salary.
Show ids for all employees with at least 100000 salary.
How many employees have salary between 100000 and 200000?
What is the name and salary for employee with id 242518965?
What is average and maximum salary of all employees.
Show the id and name of the employee with maximum salary.
Show the name of employees with three lowest salaries.
Show names for all employees with salary more than the average.
Show the id and salary of Mark Young.
How many flights do we have?
Show flight number, origin, destination of all flights in the alphabetical order of the departure cities.
Show all flight number from Los Angeles.
Show origins of all flights with destination Honolulu.
Show me the departure date and arrival date for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
Show flight number for all flights with more than 2000 distance.
What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
Show origin and destination for flights with price higher than 300.
Show the flight number and distance of the flight with maximum price.
Show the flight number of flights with three lowest distances.
What is the average distance and average price for flights from Los Angeles.
Show all origins and the number of flights from each origin.
Show all destinations and the number of flights to each destination.
Which origin has most number of flights?
Which destination has least number of flights?
What is the aircraft name for the flight with number 99
Show all flight numbers with aircraft Airbus A340-300.
Show aircraft names and number of flights for each aircraft.
Show names for all aircraft with at least two flights.
How many employees have certificate.
Show ids for all employees who don't have a certificate.
Show names for all aircrafts of which John Williams has certificates.
Show names for all employees who have certificate of Boeing 737-800.
Show names for all employees who have certificates on both Boeing 737-800 and Airbus A340-300.
Show names for all employees who do not have certificate of Boeing 737-800.
Show the name of aircraft which fewest people have its certificate.
Show the name and distance of the aircrafts with more than 5000 distance and which at least 5 people have its certificate.
what is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of aircraft certificates?
What is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of certificates on aircrafts with distance more than 5000?
How many allergies are there?
How many different allergy types exist?
Show all allergy types.
Show all allergies and their types.
Show all allergies with type food.
What is the type of allergy Cat?
How many allergies have type animal?
Show all allergy types and the number of allergies in each type.
Which allergy type has most number of allergies?
Which allergy type has least number of allergies?
How many students are there?
Show first name and last name for all students.
How many different advisors are listed?
Show all majors.
Show all cities where students live.
Show first name, last name, age for all female students. Their sex is F.
Show student ids for all male students.
How many students are age 18?
Show all student ids who are older than 20.
Which city does the student whose last name is "Kim" live in?
Who is the advisor of student with ID 1004?
How many students live in HKG or CHI?
Show the minimum, average, and maximum age of all students.
What is the last name of the youngest student?
Show the student id of the oldest student.
Show all majors and corresponding number of students.
Which major has most number of students?
Show all ages and corresponding number of students.
Show the average age for male and female students.
Show all cities and corresponding number of students.
Show all advisors and corresponding number of students.
Which advisor has most number of students?
How many students have cat allergies?
Show all student IDs who have at least two allergies.
What are the student ids of students who don't have any allergies?
How many female students have milk or egg allergies?
How many students have a food allergy?
Which allergy has most number of students affected?
Show all allergies with number of students affected.
Show all allergy type with number of students affected.
Find the last name and age of the student who has allergy to both milk and cat.
What are the allergies and their types that the student with first name Lisa has? And order the result by name of allergies.
Find the first name and gender of the student who has allergy to milk but not cat.
Find the average age of the students who have allergies with food and animal types.
List the first and last name of the students who do not have any food type allergy.
Find the number of male (sex is 'M') students who have some food type allery.
Find the different first names and cities of the students who have allergy to milk or cat.
Find the number of students who are older than 18 and do not have allergy to either food or animal.
Find the first name and major of the students who are not allegry to soy.
A list of the top 5 countries by number of invoices. List country name and number of invoices.
A list of the top 8 countries by gross/total invoice size. List country name and gross invoice size.
A list of the top 10 countries by average invoice size. List country name and average invoice size.
Find out 5 customers who most recently purchased something. List customers' first and last name.
Find out the top 10 customers by total number of orders. List customers' first and last name and the number of total orders.
List the top 10 customers by total gross sales. List customers' first and last name and total gross sales.
List the top 5 genres by number of tracks. List genres name and total tracks.
List every album's title.
List every album ordered by album title in ascending order.
List every album whose title starts with A in alphabetical order.
List the customers first and last name of 10 least expensive invoices.
List total amount of  invoice from Chicago, IL.
List the number of invoices from Chicago, IL.
List the number of invoices from the US, grouped by state.
List the state in the US with the most invoices.
List the number of invoices and the invoice total from California.
List Aerosmith's albums.
How many albums does Billy Cobham has?
Eduardo Martins is a customer at which company?
What is Astrid Gruber's email and phone number?
How many customers live in Prague city?
How many customers in state of CA?
What country does Roberto Almeida live?
List the name of albums that are released by aritist whose name has 'Led'
How many customers does Steve Johnson support?
What is the title, phone and hire date of Nancy Edwards?
find the full name of employees who report to Nancy Edwards?
What is the address of employee Nancy Edwards?
Find the full name of employee who supported the most number of customers.
How many employees are living in Canada?
What is employee Nancy Edwards's phone number?
Who is the youngest employee in the company? List employee's first and last name.
List top 10 employee work longest in the company. List employee's first and last name.
Find the number of employees whose title is IT Staff from each city?
Which employee manage most number of peoples? List employee's first and last name, and number of people report to that employee.
How many orders does Lucas Mancini has?
What is the total amount of money spent by Lucas Mancini?
List all media types.
List all different genre types.
List the name of all playlist.
Who is the composer of track Fast As a Shark?
How long does track Fast As a Shark has?
What is the name of tracks whose genre is Rock?
What is title of album which track Balls to the Wall belongs to?
List name of all tracks in Balls to the Wall.
List title of albums have the number of tracks greater than 10.
List the name of tracks belongs to genre Rock and whose media type is MPEG audio file.
List the name of tracks belongs to genre Rock or media type is MPEG audio file.
List the name of tracks belongs to genre Rock or genre Jazz.
List the name of all tracks in the playlists of Movies.
List the name of playlist which has number of tracks greater than 100.
List all tracks bought by customer Daan Peeters.
How much is the track Fast As a Shark?
Find the name of tracks which are in Movies playlist but not in music playlist.
Find the name of tracks which are in both Movies and music playlists.
Find number of tracks in each genre?
How many editors are there?
List the names of editors in ascending order of age.
What are the names and ages of editors?
List the names of editors who are older than 25.
Show the names of editors of age either 24 or 25.
What is the name of the youngest editor?
What are the different ages of editors? Show each age along with the number of editors of that age.
Please show the most common age of editors.
Show the distinct themes of journals.
Show the names of editors and the theme of journals for which they serve on committees.
Show the names and ages of editors and the theme of journals for which they serve on committees, in ascending alphabetical order of theme.
Show the names of editors that are on the committee of journals with sales bigger than 3000.
Show the id, name of each editor and the number of journal committees they are on.
Show the names of editors that are on at least two journal committees.
List the names of editors that are not on any journal committee.
List the date, theme and sales of the journal which did not have any of the listed editors serving on committee.
What is the average sales of the journals that have an editor whose work type is 'Photo'?
How many accounts do we have?
Show ids, customer ids, names for all accounts.
Show other account details for account with name 338.
What is the first name, last name, and phone of the customer with account name 162?
How many accounts does the customer with first name Art and last name Turcotte have?
Show all customer ids and the number of accounts for each customer.
Show the customer id and number of accounts with most accounts.
What is the customer first, last name and id with least number of accounts.
Show the number of all customers without an account.
Show the first names and last names of customers without any account.
Show distinct first and last names for all customers with an account.
How many customers have an account?
How many customers do we have?
Show ids, first names, last names, and phones for all customers.
What is the phone and email for customer with first name Aniyah and last name Feest?
Show the number of customer cards.
Show ids, customer ids, card type codes, card numbers for all cards.
Show the date valid from and the date valid to for the card with card number '4560596484842'.
What is the first name, last name, and phone of the customer with card 4560596484842.
How many cards does customer Art Turcotte have?
How many debit cards do we have?
How many credit cards does customer Blanche Huels have?
Show all customer ids and the number of cards owned by each customer.
What is the customer id with most number of cards, and how many does he have?
Show id, first and last names for all customers with at least two cards.
What is the customer id, first and last name with least number of accounts.
Show all card type codes and the number of cards in each type.
What is the card type code with most number of cards?
Show card type codes with at least 5 cards.
Show all card type codes and the number of customers holding cards in each type.
Show the customer ids and firstname without a credit card.
Show all card type codes.
Show the number of card types.
Show all transaction types.
Show the number of transaction types.
What is the average and total transaction amount?
Show the card type codes and the number of transactions.
Show the transaction type and the number of transactions.
What is the transaction type that has processed the greatest total amount in transactions?
Show the account id and the number of transactions for each account
How many tracks do we have?
Show the name and location for all tracks.
Show names and seatings, ordered by seating for all tracks opened after 2000.
What is the name, location and seating for the most recently opened track?
What is the minimum, maximum, and average seating for all tracks.
Show the name, location, open year for all tracks with a seating higher than the average.
What are distinct locations where tracks are located?
How many races are there?
What are the distinct classes that races can have?
Show name, class, and date for all races.
Show the race class and number of races in each class.
What is the race class with most number of races.
List the race class with at least two races.
What are the names for tracks without a race in class 'GT'.
Show all track names that have had no races.
Show year where a track with a seating at least 5000 opened and a track with seating no more than 4000 opened.
Show the name of track and the number of races in each track.
Show the name of track with most number of races.
Show the name and date for each race and its track name.
Show the name and location of track with 1 race.
Find the locations where have both tracks with more than 90000 seats and tracks with less than 70000 seats.
How many members have the black membership card?
Find the number of members living in each address.
Give me the names of members whose address is in Harford or Waterbury.
Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30 or with black membership card.
Find the purchase time, age and address of each member, and show the results in the order of purchase time.
Which membership card has more than 5 members?
Which address has both members younger than 30 and members older than 40?
What is the membership card held by both members living in Hartford and ones living in Waterbury address?
How many members are not living in Hartford?
Which address do not have any member with the black membership card?
Show the shop addresses ordered by their opening year.
What are the average score and average staff number of all shops?
Find the id and address of the shops whose score is below the average score.
Find the address and staff number of the shops that do not have any happy hour.
What are the id and address of the shops which have a happy hour in May?
which shop has happy hour most frequently? List its id and number of happy hours.
Which month has the most happy hours?
Which months have more than 2 happy hours?
How many albums are there?
List the names of all music genres.
Find all the customer information in state NY.
What are the first names and last names of the employees who live in Calgary city.
What are the distinct billing countries of the invoices?
Find the names of all artists that have "a" in their names.
Find the title of all the albums of the artist "AC/DC".
Hom many albums does the artist "Metallica" have?
Which artist does the album "Balls to the Wall" belong to?
Which artist has the most albums?
Find the names of all the tracks that contain the word "you".
What is the average unit price of all the tracks?
What are the durations of the longest and the shortest tracks in milliseconds?
Show the album names, ids and the number of tracks for each album.
What is the name of the most common genre in all tracks?
What is the least common media type in all tracks?
Show the album names and ids for albums that contain tracks with unit price bigger than 1.
How many tracks belong to rock genre?
What is the average unit price of tracks that belong to Jazz genre?
What is the first name and last name of the customer that has email "luisg@embraer.com.br"?
How many customers have email that contains "gmail.com"?
What is the first name and last name employee helps the customer with first name Leonie?
What city does the employee who helps the customer with postal code 70174 live in?
How many distinct cities does the employees live in?
Find all invoice dates corresponding to customers with first name Astrid and last name Gruber.
Find all the customer last names that do not have invoice totals larger than 20.
Find the first names of all customers that live in Brazil and have an invoice.
Find the address of all customers that live in Germany and have invoice.
List the phone numbers of all employees.
How many tracks are in the AAC audio file media type?
What is the average duration in milliseconds of tracks that belong to Latin or Pop genre?
Please show the employee first names and ids of employees who serve at least 10 customers.
Please show the employee last names that serves no more than 20 customers.
Please list all album titles in alphabetical order.
Please list the name and id of all artists that have at least 3 albums in alphabetical order.
Find the names of artists that do not have any albums.
What is the average unit price of rock tracks?
What are the duration of the longest and shortest pop tracks in milliseconds?
What are the birth dates of employees living in Edmonton?
What are the distinct unit prices of all tracks?
How many artists do not have any album?
What are the album titles for albums containing both 'Reggae' and 'Rock' genre tracks?
Find all the phone numbers.
What are the customer phone numbers under the policy "Life Insurance"?
Which policy type has the most records in the database?
What are all the customer phone numbers under the most popular policy type?
Find the policy type used by more than 4 customers.
Find the total and average amount of settlements.
Find the name of services that have been used for more than 2 times in first notification of loss.
What is the effective date of the claim that has the largest amount of total settlement?
How many policies are listed for the customer named "Dayana Robel"?
What is the name of the customer who has the most policies listed?
What are all the policy types of the customer named "Dayana Robel"?
What are all the policy types of the customer that has the most policies listed?
List all the services in the alphabetical order.
How many services are there?
Find the names of users who do not have a first notification of loss record.
Find the names of customers who have used either the service "Close a policy" or the service "Upgrade a policy".
Find the names of customers who have used both the service "Close a policy" and the service "New policy application".
Find the IDs of customers whose name contains "Diana".
What are the maximum and minimum settlement amount on record?
List all the customers in increasing order of IDs.
Retrieve the open and close dates of all the policies associated with the customer whose name contains "Diana"
How many kinds of enzymes are there?
List the name of enzymes in descending lexicographical order.
List the names and the locations that the enzymes can make an effect.
What is the maximum Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) value of the enzymes?
What is the product, chromosome and porphyria related to the enzymes which take effect at the location 'Cytosol'?
What are the names of enzymes who does not produce 'Heme'?
What are the names and trade names of the medicines which has 'Yes' value in the FDA record?
What are the names of enzymes in the medicine named 'Amisulpride' that can serve as an 'inhibitor'?
What are the ids and names of the medicine that can interact with two or more enzymes?
What are the ids, names and FDA approval status of medicines in descending order of the number of enzymes that it can interact with.
What is the id and name of the enzyme with most number of medicines that can interact as 'activator'?
What is the interaction type of the enzyme named 'ALA synthase' and the medicine named 'Aripiprazole'?
What is the most common interaction type between enzymes and medicine? And how many are there?
How many medicines have the FDA approval status 'No' ?
How many enzymes do not have any interactions?
What is the id and trade name of the medicines can interact with at least 3 enzymes?
What are the distinct name, location and products of the enzymes which has any 'inhibitor' interaction?
List the medicine name and trade name which can both interact as 'inhibitor' and 'activitor' with enzymes.
Show the medicine names and trade names that cannot interact with the enzyme with product 'Heme'.
How many distinct FDA approval statuses are there for the medicines?
Which enzyme names have the substring "ALA"?
find the number of medicines offered by each trade.
List all schools and their nicknames in the order of founded year.
List all public schools and their locations.
When was the school with the largest enrollment founded?
Find the founded year of the newest non public school.
How many schools are in the basketball match?
What is the highest acc percent score in the competition?
What is the primary conference of the school that has the lowest acc percent score in the competition?
What is the team name and acc regular season score of the school that was founded for the longest time?
Find the location and all games score of the school that has Clemson as its team name.
What are the average enrollment size of the universities that are founded before 1850?
Show the enrollment and primary_conference of the oldest college.
What is the total and minimum enrollment of all schools?
Find the total student enrollment for different affiliation type schools.
How many schools do not participate in the basketball match?
Find the schools that were either founded after 1850 or public.
Find how many different affiliation types there are.
Find how many school locations have the word 'NY'.
Find the team names of the universities whose enrollments are smaller than the average enrollment size.
Find the number of universities that have over a 20000 enrollment size for each affiliation type.
Find the total number of students enrolled in the colleges that were founded after the year of 1850 for each affiliation type.
What is the maximum enrollment across all schools?
List all information regarding the basketball match.
List names of all teams in the basketball competition, ordered by all home scores in descending order.
the names of models that launched between 2002 and 2004.
Which model has the least amount of RAM? List the model name and the amount of RAM.
What are the chip model and screen mode of the phone with hardware model name "LG-P760"?
How many phone hardware models are produced by the company named "Nokia Corporation"?
What is maximum and minimum RAM size of phone produced by company named "Nokia Corporation"?
What is the average ROM size of phones produced by the company named "Nokia Corporation"?
List the hardware model name and company name for all the phones that were launched in year 2002 or have RAM size greater than 32.
Find all phones that have word 'Full' in their accreditation types. List the Hardware Model name and Company name.
Find the Char cells, Pixels and Hardware colours for the screen of the phone whose hardware model name is "LG-P760".
List the hardware model name and company name for the phone whose screen mode type is "Graphics."
Find the name of the company that has the least number of phone models. List the company name and the number of phone model produced by that company.
List the name of the company that produced more than one phone model.
List the maximum, minimum and average number of used kb in screen mode.
List the name of the phone model launched in year 2002 and with the highest RAM size.
What are the wifi and screen mode type of the hardware model named "LG-P760"?
List the hardware model name for the phones that have screen mode type "Text" or RAM size greater than 32.
List the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by "Nokia Corporation" or whose screen mode type is "Graphics."
List the hardware model name for the phons that were produced by "Nokia Corporation" but whose screen mode type is not Text.
List the phone hardware model and company name for the phones whose screen usage in kb is between 10 and 15.
Find the number of phones for each accreditation type.
Find the accreditation level that more than 3 phones use.
Find the details for all chip models.
How many models do not have the wifi function?
List all the model names sorted by their launch year.
Find the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone.
Find the names of the chip models that are not used by any phone with full accreditation type.
Find the pixels of the screen modes that are used by both phones with full accreditation types and phones with Provisional accreditation types.
How many countries are there in total?
Show the country name and capital of all countries.
Show all official native languages that contain the word "English".
Show all distinct positions of matches.
Show the players from college UCLA.
Show the distinct position of players from college UCLA or Duke.
Show the draft pick numbers and draft classes of players whose positions are defenders.
How many distinct teams are involved in match seasons?
Show the players and the years played.
Show all team names.
Show the season, the player, and the name of the country that player belongs to.
Which players are from Indonesia?
What are the distinct positions of the players from a country whose capital is Dublin?
What are the official languages of the countries of players from Maryland or Duke college?
How many distinct official languages are there among countries of players whose positions are defenders.
Show the season, the player, and the name of the team that players belong to.
Show the positions of the players from the team with name "Ryley Goldner".
How many distinct colleges are associated with players from the team with name "Columbus Crew".
Show the players and years played for players from team "Columbus Crew".
Show the position of players and the corresponding number of players.
Show the country names and the corresponding number of players.
Return all players sorted by college in ascending alphabetical order.
Show the most common position of players in match seasons.
Show the top 3 most common colleges of players in match seasons.
Show the name of colleges that have at least two players.
Show the name of colleges that have at least two players in descending alphabetical order.
What are the names of teams that do no have match season record?
What are the names of countries that have both players with position forward and players with position defender?
Which college have both players with position midfielder and players with position defender?
How many climbers are there?
List the names of climbers in descending order of points.
List the names of climbers whose country is not Switzerland.
What is the maximum point for climbers whose country is United Kingdom?
How many distinct countries are the climbers from?
What are the names of mountains in ascending alphabetical order?
What are the countries of mountains with height bigger than 5000?
What is the name of the highest mountain?
List the distinct ranges of the mountains with the top 3 prominence.
Show names of climbers and the names of mountains they climb.
Show the names of climbers and the heights of mountains they climb.
Show the height of the mountain climbed by the climber with the maximum points.
Show the distinct names of mountains climbed by climbers from country "West Germany".
Show the times used by climbers to climb mountains in Country Uganda.
Please show the countries and the number of climbers from each country.
List the countries that have more than one mountain.
List the names of mountains that do not have any climber.
Show the countries that have mountains with height more than 5600 stories and mountains with height less than 5200.
Show the range that has the most number of mountains.
Show the names of mountains with height more than 5000 or prominence more than 1000.
How many body builders are there?
List the total scores of body builders in ascending order.
List the snatch score and clean jerk score of body builders in ascending order of snatch score.
What is the average snatch score of body builders?
What are the clean and jerk score of the body builder with the highest total score?
What are the birthdays of people in ascending order of height?
What are the names of body builders?
What are the names of body builders whose total score is higher than 300?
What is the name of the body builder with the greatest body weight?
What are the birth date and birth place of the body builder with the highest total points?
What are the heights of body builders with total score smaller than 315?
What is the average total score of body builders with height bigger than 200?
What are the names of body builders in descending order of total scores?
List each birth place along with the number of people from there.
What is the most common birth place of people?
What are the birth places that are shared by at least two people?
List the height and weight of people in descending order of height.
Show all information about each body builder.
List the names and origins of people who are not body builders.
How many distinct birth places are there?
How many persons are not body builders?
List the weight of the body builders who have snatch score higher than 140 or have the height greater than 200.
What are the total scores of the body builders whose birthday contains the string "January" ?
What is the minimum snatch score?
How many elections are there?
List the votes of elections in descending order.
List the dates and vote percents of elections.
What are the minimum and maximum vote percents of elections?
What are the names and parties of representatives?
What are the names of representatives whose party is not "Republican"?
What are the life spans of representatives from New York state or Indiana state?
What are the names of representatives and the dates of elections they participated in.
What are the names of representatives with more than 10000 votes in election?
What are the names of representatives in descending order of votes?
What is the party of the representative that has the smallest number of votes.
What are the lifespans of representatives in descending order of vote percent?
What is the average number of votes of representatives from party "Republican"?
What are the different parties of representative? Show the party name and the number of representatives in each party.
What is the party that has the largest number of representatives?
What parties have at least three representatives?
What states have at least two representatives?
List the names of representatives that have not participated in elections listed here.
Show the parties that have both representatives in New York state and representatives in Pennsylvania state.
How many distinct parties are there for representatives?
How many apartment bookings are there in total?
Show the start dates and end dates of all the apartment bookings.
Show all distinct building descriptions.
Show the short names of the buildings managed by "Emma".
Show the addresses and phones of all the buildings managed by "Brenden".
What are the building full names that contain the word "court"?
What is the minimum and maximum number of bathrooms of all the apartments?
What is the average number of bedrooms of all apartments?
Return the apartment number and the number of rooms for each apartment.
What is the average number of rooms of apartments with type code "Studio"?
Return the apartment numbers of the apartments with type code "Flat".
Return the first names and last names of all guests
Return the date of birth for all the guests with gender code "Male".
Show the apartment numbers, start dates, and end dates of all the apartment bookings.
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with type code "Duplex"?
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms?
What is the booking status code of the apartment with apartment number "Suite 634"?
Show the distinct apartment numbers of the apartments that have bookings with status code "Confirmed".
Show the average room count of the apartments that have booking status code "Provisional".
Show the guest first names, start dates, and end dates of all the apartment bookings.
Show the start dates and end dates of all the apartment bookings made by guests with gender code "Female".
Show the first names and last names of all the guests that have apartment bookings with status code "Confirmed".
Show the facility codes of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms.
Show the total number of rooms of all apartments with facility code "Gym".
Show the total number of rooms of the apartments in the building with short name "Columbus Square".
Show the addresses of the buildings that have apartments with more than 2 bathrooms.
Show the apartment type codes and apartment numbers in the buildings managed by "Kyle".
Show the booking status code and the corresponding number of bookings.
Return all the apartment numbers sorted by the room count in ascending order.
Return the apartment number with the largest number of bedrooms.
Show the apartment type codes and the corresponding number of apartments sorted by the number of apartments in ascending order.
Show the top 3 apartment type codes sorted by the average number of rooms in descending order.
Show the apartment type code that has the largest number of total rooms, together with the number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms.
Show the most common apartment type code.
Show the most common apartment type code among apartments with more than 1 bathroom.
Show each apartment type code, and the maximum and minimum number of rooms for each type.
Show each gender code and the corresponding count of guests sorted by the count in descending order.
How many apartments do not have any facility?
Show the apartment numbers of apartments with bookings that have status code both "Provisional" and "Confirmed"
Show the apartment numbers of apartments with unit status availability of both 0 and 1.
How many games are held after season 2007?
List the dates of games by the home team name in descending order.
List the season, home team, away team of all the games.
What are the maximum, minimum and average home games each stadium held?
What is the average attendance of stadiums with capacity percentage higher than 100%?
What are the player name, number of matches, and information source for players who do not suffer from injury of 'Knee problem'?
What is the season of the game which causes the player 'Walter Samuel' to get injured?
What are the ids, scores, and dates of the games which caused at least two injury accidents?
What are the id and name of the stadium where the most injury accidents happened?
In which season and which stadium did any player have an injury of 'Foot injury' or 'Knee problem'?
How many different kinds of information sources are there for injury accidents?
How many games are free of injury accidents?
How many distinct kinds of injuries happened after season 2010?
List the name of the stadium where both the player 'Walter Samuel' and the player 'Thiago Motta' got injured.
Show the name, average attendance, total attendance for stadiums where no accidents happened.
Which stadium name contains the substring "Bank"?
How many games has each stadium held?
For each injury accident, find the date of the game and the name of the injured player in the game, and sort the results in descending order of game season.
List all country and league names.
How many leagues are there in England?
What is the average weight of all players?
What is the maximum and minimum height of all players?
List all player names who have an overall rating higher than the average.
What are the names of players who have the best dribbling?
List the names of all players who have a crossing score higher than 90 and prefer their right foot.
List the names of all left-footed players who have overall rating between 85 and 90.
What is the average rating for right-footed players and left-footed players?
Of all players with an overall rating greater than 80, how many are right-footed and left-footed?
List all of the player ids with a height of at least 180cm and an overall rating higher than 85.
List all of the ids for left-footed players with a height between 180cm and 190cm.
Who are the top 3 players in terms of overall rating?
List the names and birthdays of the top five players in terms of potential.
How many performances are there?
List the hosts of performances in ascending order of attendance.
What are the dates and locations of performances?
Show the attendances of the performances at location "TD Garden" or "Bell Centre"
What is the average number of attendees for performances?
What is the date of the performance with the highest number of attendees?
Show different locations and the number of performances at each location.
Show the most common location of performances.
Show the locations that have at least two performances.
Show the locations that have both performances with more than 2000 attendees and performances with less than 1000 attendees.
Show the names of members and the location of the performances they attended.
Show the names of members and the location of performances they attended in ascending alphabetical order of their names.
Show the dates of performances with attending members whose roles are "Violin".
Show the names of members and the dates of performances they attended in descending order of attendance of the performances.
List the names of members who did not attend any performance.
Find the buildings which have rooms with capacity more than 50.
Count the number of rooms that are not in the Lamberton building.
What is the name and building of the departments whose budget is more than the average budget?
Find the room number of the rooms which can sit 50 to 100 students and their buildings.
Find the name and building of the department with the highest budget.
What is the name of the student who has the highest total credits in the History department.
How many rooms does the Lamberton building have?
How many students have advisors?
How many departments offer courses?
How many different courses offered by Physics department?
Find the title of courses that have two prerequisites?
Find the title, credit, and department name of courses that have more than one prerequisites?
How many courses that do not have prerequisite?
Find the name of the courses that do not have any prerequisite?
How many different instructors have taught some course?
Find the total budgets of the Marketing or Finance department.
Find the department name of the instructor whose name contains 'Soisalon'.
How many rooms whose capacity is less than 50 does the Lamberton building have?
Find the name and budget of departments whose budgets are more than the average budget.
what is the name of the instructor who is in Statistics department and earns the lowest salary?
Find the title of course that is provided by both Statistics and Psychology departments.
Find the title of course that is provided by Statistics but not Psychology departments.
Find the id of instructors who taught a class in Fall 2009 but not in Spring 2010.
Find the name of students who took any class in the years of 2009 and 2010.
Find the names of the top 3 departments that provide the largest amount of courses?
Find the name of the department that offers the highest total credits?
List the names of all courses ordered by their titles and credits.
Which department has the lowest budget?
List the names and buildings of all departments sorted by the budget from large to small.
Who is the instructor with the highest salary?
List the information of all instructors ordered by their salary in ascending order.
Find the name of the students and their department names sorted by their total credits in ascending order.
list in alphabetic order all course names and their instructors' names in year 2008.
Find the name of instructors who are advising more than one student.
Find the name of the students who have more than one advisor?
Find the number of rooms with more than 50 capacity for each building.
Find the maximum and average capacity among rooms in each building.
Find the title of the course that is offered by more than one department.
Find the total credits of courses provided by different department.
Find the minimum salary for the departments whose average salary is above the average payment of all instructors.
Find the number of courses provided in each semester and year.
Find the year which offers the largest number of courses.
Find the year and semester when offers the largest number of courses.
Find the name of department has the highest amount of students?
Find the total number of students in each department.
Find the semester and year which has the least number of student taking any class.
What is the id of the instructor who advises of all students from History department?
Find the name and salary of the instructors who are advisors of any student from History department?
Find the id of the courses that do not have any prerequisite?
What is the title of the prerequisite class of International Finance course?
Find the title of course whose prerequisite is course Differential Geometry.
Find the names of students who have taken any course in the fall semester of year 2003.
What is the title of the course that was offered at building Chandler during the fall semester in the year of 2010?
Find the name of the instructors who taught C Programming course before.
Find the name and salary of instructors who are advisors of the students from the Math department.
Find the name of instructors who are advisors of the students from the Math department, and sort the results by students' total credit.
What is the course title of the prerequisite of course Mobile Computing?
Find the name of instructor who is the advisor of the student who has the highest number of total credits.
Find the name of instructors who didn't teach any courses?
Find the id of instructors who didn't teach any courses?
Find the names of instructors who didn't each any courses in any Spring semester.
Find the name of the department which has the highest average salary of professors.
Find the number and averaged salary of all instructors who are in the department with the highest budget.
What is the title and credits of the course that is taught in the largest classroom (with the highest capacity)?
Find the name of students who didn't take any course from Biology department.
Find the total number of students and total number of instructors for each department.
Find the name of students who have taken the prerequisite course of the course with title International Finance.
Find the name and salary of instructors whose salary is below the average salary of the instructors in the Physics department.
Find the name of students who took some course offered by Statistics department.
Find the building, room number, semester and year of all courses offered by Psychology department sorted by course titles.
Find the names of all instructors in computer science department
Find the names of all instructors in Comp. Sci. department with salary > 80000.
Find the names of all instructors who have taught some course and the course_id.
Find the names of all instructors in the Art department who have taught some course and the course_id.
Find the names of all instructors whose name includes the substring “dar”.
List in alphabetic order the names of all distinct instructors.
Find courses that ran in Fall 2009 or in Spring 2010.
Find courses that ran in Fall 2009 and in Spring 2010.
Find courses that ran in Fall 2009 but not in Spring 2010.
Find the salaries of all distinct instructors that are less than the largest salary.
Find the total number of instructors who teach a course in the Spring 2010 semester.
Find the names and average salaries of all departments whose average salary is greater than 42000.
Find names of instructors with salary greater than that of some (at least one) instructor in the Biology department.
Find the names of all instructors whose salary is greater than the salary of all instructors in the Biology department.
How many debates are there?
List the venues of debates in ascending order of the number of audience.
What are the date and venue of each debate?
List the dates of debates with number of audience bigger than 150
Show the names of people aged either 35 or 36.
What is the party of the youngest people?
Show different parties of people along with the number of people in each party.
Show the party that has the most people.
Show the distinct venues of debates
Show the names of people, and dates and venues of debates they are on the affirmative side.
Show the names of people, and dates and venues of debates they are on the negative side, ordered in ascending alphabetical order of name.
Show the names of people that are on affirmative side of debates with number of audience bigger than 200.
Show the names of people and the number of times they have been on the affirmative side of debates.
Show the names of people who have been on the negative side of debates at least twice.
List the names of people that have not been on the affirmative side of debates.
List the names of all the customers in alphabetical order.
Find all the policy type codes associated with the customer "Dayana Robel"
Which type of policy is most frequently used? Give me the policy type code.
Find all the policy types that are used by more than 2 customers.
Find the total and average amount paid in claim headers.
Find the total amount claimed in the most recently created document.
What is the name of the customer who has made the largest amount of claim in a single claim?
What is the name of the customer who has made the minimum amount of payment in one claim?
Find the names of customers who have no policies associated.
How many claim processing stages are there in total?
What is the name of the claim processing stage that most of the claims are on?
Find the names of customers whose name contains "Diana".
Find the names of the customers who have an deputy policy.
Find the names of customers who either have an deputy policy or uniformed policy.
Find the names of all the customers and staff members.
Find the number of records of each policy type and its type code.
Find the name of the customer that has been involved in the most policies.
What is the description of the claim status "Open"?
How many distinct claim outcome codes are there?
Which customer is associated with the latest policy?
Show the id, the date of account opened, the account name, and other account detail for all accounts.
Show the id, the account name, and other account details for all accounts by the customer with first name 'Meaghan'.
Show the account name and other account detail for all accounts by the customer with first name Meaghan and last name Keeling.
Show the first name and last name for the customer with account name 900.
Show the unique first names, last names, and phone numbers for all customers with any account.
Show customer ids who don't have an account.
How many accounts does each customer have? List the number and customer id.
What is the customer id, first and last name with most number of accounts.
Show id, first name and last name for all customers and the number of accounts.
Show first name and id for all customers with at least 2 accounts.
Show the number of customers for each gender.
How many transactions do we have?
How many transaction does each account have? Show the number and account id.
How many transaction does account with name 337 have?
What is the average, minimum, maximum, and total transaction amount?
Show ids for all transactions whose amounts are greater than the average.
Show the transaction types and the total amount of transactions.
Show the account name, id and the number of transactions for each account.
Show the account id with most number of transactions.
Show the account id and name with at least 4 transactions.
Show all product sizes.
Show all product colors.
Show the invoice number and the number of transactions for each invoice.
What is the invoice number and invoice date for the invoice with most number of transactions?
How many invoices do we have?
Show invoice dates and order id and details for all invoices.
Show the order ids and the number of invoices for each order.
What is the order id and order details for the order more than two invoices.
What is the customer last name, id and phone number with most number of orders?
Show all product names without an order.
Show all product names and the total quantity ordered for each product name.
Show the order ids and the number of items in each order.
Show the product ids and the number of unique orders containing each product.
Show all product names and the number of customers having an order on each product.
Show order ids and the number of products in each order.
Show order ids and the total quantity in each order.
How many products were not included in any order?
How many churches opened before 1850 are there?
Show the name, open date, and organizer for all churches.
List all church names in descending order of opening date.
Show the opening year in whcih at least two churches opened.
Show the organizer and name for churches that opened between 1830 and 1840.
Show all opening years and the number of churches that opened in that year.
Show the name and opening year for three churches that opened most recently.
How many female people are older than 30 in our record?
Show the country where people older than 30 and younger than 25 are from.
Show the minimum, maximum, and average age for all people.
Show the name and country for all people whose age is smaller than the average.
Show the pair of male and female names in all weddings after year 2014
Show the name and age for all male people who don't have a wedding.
Show all church names except for those that had a wedding in year 2015.
Show all church names that have hosted least two weddings.
Show the names for all females from Canada having a wedding in year 2016.
How many weddings are there in year 2016?
Show the church names for the weddings of all people older than 30.
Show all countries and the number of people from each country.
How many churches have a wedding in year 2016?
How many artists do we have?
Show all artist name, age, and country ordered by the yeared they joined.
What are all distinct country for artists?
Show all artist names and the year joined who are not from United States.
How many artists are above age 46 and joined after 1990?
What is the average and minimum age of all artists from United States.
What is the name of the artist who joined latest?
How many exhibition are there in year 2005 or after?
Show theme and year for all exhibitions with ticket prices lower than 15.
Show all artist names and the number of exhibitions for each artist.
What is the name and country for the artist with most number of exhibitions?
Show names for artists without any exhibition.
What is the theme and artist name for the exhibition with a ticket price higher than the average?
Show the average, minimum, and maximum ticket prices for exhibitions for all years before 2009.
Show theme and year for all exhibitions in an descending order of ticket price.
What is the theme, date, and attendance for the exhibition in year 2004?
Show all artist names who didn't have an exhibition in 2004.
Show the theme for exhibitions with both records of an attendance below 100 and above 500.
How many exhibitions have a attendance more than 100 or have a ticket price below 10?
Show all artist names with an average exhibition attendance over 200.
Find the id of the item whose title is "orange".
List all information in the item table.
Find the number of reviews.
How many users are there?
Find the average and maximum rating of all reviews.
Find the highest rank of all reviews.
How many different users wrote some reviews?
How many different items were reviewed by some users?
Find the number of items that did not receive any review.
Find the names of users who did not leave any review.
Find the names of goods that receive a rating of 10.
Find the titles of items whose rating is higher than the average review rating of all items.
Find the titles of items that received any rating below 5.
Find the titles of items that received both a rating higher than 8 and a rating below 5.
Find the names of items whose rank is higher than 3 and whose average rating is above 5.
Find the name of the item with the lowest average rating.
List the titles of all items in alphabetic order .
Find the name of the user who gives the most reviews.
Find the name and id of the item with the highest average rating.
Find the name and id of the good with the highest average rank.
For each user, return the name and the average rating of reviews given by them.
For each user, find their name and the number of reviews written by them.
Find the name of the user who gave the highest rating.
Find the name of the source user with the highest average trust score.
Find each target user's name and average trust score.
Find the name of the target user with the lowest trust score.
Find the names of the items that did not receive any review.
Find the number of users who did not write any review.
How many players are there?
List the names of players in ascending order of votes.
What are the gender and occupation of players?
List the name and residence for players whose occupation is not "Researcher".
Show the names of sponsors of players whose residence is either "Brandon" or "Birtle".
What is the name of the player with the largest number of votes?
Show different occupations along with the number of players in each occupation.
Please show the most common occupation of players.
Show the residences that have at least two players.
Show the names of players and names of their coaches.
Show the names of players coached by the rank 1 coach.
Show the names and genders of players with a coach starting after 2011.
Show the names of players and names of their coaches in descending order of the votes of players.
List the names of players that do not have coaches.
Show the residences that have both a player of gender "M" and a player of gender "F".
How many coaches does each club has? List the club id, name and the number of coaches.
How many gold medals has the club with the most coaches won?
How many gymnasts are there?
List the total points of gymnasts in descending order.
List the total points of gymnasts in descending order of floor exercise points.
What is the average horizontal bar points for all gymnasts?
What are the names of people in ascending alphabetical order?
What are the names of gymnasts?
What are the names of gymnasts whose hometown is not "Santo Domingo"?
What is the age of the tallest person?
List the names of the top 5 oldest people.
What is the total point count of the youngest gymnast?
What is the average age of all gymnasts?
What are the distinct hometowns of gymnasts with total points more than 57.5?
What are the hometowns of gymnasts and the corresponding number of gymnasts?
What is the most common hometown of gymnasts?
What are the hometowns that are shared by at least two gymnasts?
List the names of gymnasts in ascending order by their heights.
List the distinct hometowns that are not associated with any gymnast.
Show the hometowns shared by people older than 23 and younger than 20.
How many distinct hometowns did these people have?
Show the ages of gymnasts in descending order of total points.
Find the total savings balance of all accounts except the account with name ‘Brown’.
How many accounts are there in total?
What is the total checking balance in all accounts?
Find the average checking balance.
How many accounts have a savings balance above the average savings balance?
Find the name and id of accounts whose checking balance is below the maximum checking balance.
What is the checking balance of the account whose owner’s name contains the substring ‘ee’?
Find the checking balance and saving balance in the Brown’s account.
Find the names of accounts whose checking balance is above the average checking balance, but savings balance is below the average savings balance.
Find the checking balance of the accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance.
List all customers’ names in the alphabetical order.
Find the name of account that has the lowest total checking and saving balance.
Find the names and total checking and savings balances of accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance.
Find the name and checking balance of the account with the lowest savings balance.
Find the number of checking accounts for each account name.
Find the total saving balance for each account name.
Find the name of accounts whose checking balance is below the average checking balance.
Find the saving balance of the account with the highest checking balance.
Find the total checking and saving balance of all accounts sorted by the total balance in ascending order.
Find the name and checking balance of the account with the lowest saving balance.
Find the name, checking balance and saving balance of all accounts in the bank.
Find the name, checking balance and savings balance of all accounts in the bank sorted by their total checking and savings balance in descending order.
Find the name of accounts whose checking balance is higher than corresponding saving balance.
Find the name and total checking and savings balance of the accounts whose savings balance is lower than corresponding checking balance.
Find the name and savings balance of the top 3 accounts with the highest saving balance sorted by savings balance in descending order.
How many main stream browsers whose market share is at least 5 exist?
List the name of browsers in descending order by market share.
List the ids, names and market shares of all browsers.
What is the maximum, minimum and average market share of the listed browsers?
What is the id and market share of the browser Safari?
What are the name and os of web client accelerators that do not work with only a 'Broadband' type connection?
What is the name of the browser that became compatible with the accelerator 'CProxy' after year 1998 ?
What are the ids and names of the web accelerators that are compatible with two or more browsers?
What is the id and name of the browser that is compatible with the most web accelerators?
When did the web accelerator 'CACHEbox' and browser 'Internet Explorer' become compatible?
How many different kinds of clients are supported by the web clients accelerators?
How many accelerators are not compatible with the browsers listed ?
What distinct accelerator names are compatible with the browswers that have market share higher than 15?
List the names of the browser that are compatible with both 'CACHEbox' and 'Fasterfox'.
Show the accelerator names and supporting operating systems that are not compatible with the browser named 'Opera'.
Which accelerator name contains substring "Opera"?
Find the number of web accelerators used for each Operating system.
give me names of all compatible browsers and accelerators in the descending order of compatible year
How many wrestlers are there?
List the names of wrestlers in descending order of days held.
What is the name of the wrestler with the fewest days held?
What are the distinct reigns of wrestlers whose location is not "Tokyo,Japan" ?
What are the names and location of the wrestlers?
What are the elimination moves of wrestlers whose team is "Team Orton"?
What are the names of wrestlers and the elimination moves?
List the names of wrestlers and the teams in elimination in descending order of days held.
List the time of elimination of the wrestlers with largest days held.
Show times of elimination of wrestlers with days held more than 50.
Show different teams in eliminations and the number of eliminations from each team.
Show teams that have suffered more than three eliminations.
Show the reign and days held of wrestlers.
What are the names of wrestlers days held less than 100?
Please show the most common reigns of wrestlers.
List the locations that are shared by more than two wrestlers.
List the names of wrestlers that have not been eliminated.
Show the teams that have both wrestlers eliminated by "Orton" and wrestlers eliminated by "Benjamin".
What is the number of distinct teams that suffer elimination?
Show the times of elimination by "Punk" or "Orton".
How many schools are there?
Show all school names in alphabetical order.
List the name, location, mascot for all schools.
What are the total and average enrollment of all schools?
What are the mascots for schools with enrollments above the average?
List the name of the school with the smallest enrollment.
Show the average, maximum, minimum enrollment of all schools.
Show each county along with the number of schools and total enrollment in each county.
How many donors have endowment for school named "Glenn"?
List each donator name and the amount of endowment in descending order of the amount of endowment.
List the names of the schools without any endowment.
List all the names of schools with an endowment amount smaller than or equal to 10.
Show the names of donors who donated to both school "Glenn" and "Triton."
Show the names of all the donors except those whose donation amount less than 9.
List the amount and donor name for the largest amount of donation.
How many budgets are above 3000 in year 2001 or before?
Show each school name, its budgeted amount, and invested amount in year 2002 or after.
Show all donor names.
How many budget record has a budget amount smaller than the invested amount?
What is the total budget amount for school "Glenn" in all years?
Show the names of schools with a total budget amount greater than 100 or a total endowment greater than 10.
Find the names of schools that have more than one donator with donation amount above 8.5.
Find the number of schools that have more than one donator whose donation amount is less than 8.5.
List the name, IHSAA Football Class, and Mascot of the schools that have more than 6000 of budgeted amount or were founded before 2003, in the order of percent of total invested budget and total budgeted budget.
How many buildings are there?
Show the name, street address, and number of floors for all buildings ordered by the number of floors.
What is the name of the tallest building?
What are the average, maximum, and minimum number of floors for all buildings?
Show the number of buildings with a height above the average or a number of floors above the average.
List the names of buildings with at least 200 feet of height and with at least 20 floors.
Show the names and locations of institutions that are founded after 1990 and have the type "Private".
Show institution types, along with the number of institutions and total enrollment for each type.
Show the institution type with the largest number of institutions.
Show the institution type with an institution founded after 1990 and an institution with at least 1000 enrollment.
Show the name of buildings that do not have any institution.
Show the names of buildings except for those having an institution founded in 2003.
For each building, show the name of the building and the number of institutions in it.
Show the names and heights of buildings with at least two institutions founded after 1880.
Show all the distinct institution types.
Show institution names along with the number of proteins for each institution.
How many proteins are associated with an institution founded after 1880 or an institution with type "Private"?
Show the protein name and the institution name.
How many proteins are associated with an institution in a building with at least 20 floors?
How many institutions do not have an associated protein in our record?
Show all the locations where no cinema has capacity over 800.
Show all the locations where some cinemas were opened in both year 2010 and year 2011.
How many cinema do we have?
Show name, opening year, and capacity for each cinema.
Show the cinema name and location for cinemas with capacity above average.
What are all the locations with a cinema?
Show all the cinema names and opening years in descending order of opening year.
What are the name and location of the cinema with the largest capacity?
Show the average, minimum, and maximum capacity for all the cinemas opened in year 2011 or later.
Show each location and the number of cinemas there.
What is the location with the most cinemas opened in year 2010 or later?
Show all the locations with at least two cinemas with capacity above 300.
Show the title and director for all films.
Show all directors.
List all directors along with the number of films directed by each director.
What is total number of show times per dat for each cinema?
What are the title and maximum price of each film?
Show cinema name, film title, date, and price for each record in schedule.
What are the title and director of the films without any schedule?
Show director with the largest number of show times in total.
Find the locations that have more than one movie theater with capacity above 300.
How many films have the word 'Dummy' in their titles?
Are the customers holding coupons with amount 500 bad or good?
How many bookings did each customer make? List the customer id, first name, and the count.
What is the maximum total amount paid by a customer? List the customer id and amount.
What are the id and the amount of refund of the booking that incurred the most times of payments?
What is the id of the product that is booked for 3 times?
What is the product description of the product booked with an amount of 102.76?
What are the start date and end date of the booking that has booked the product named 'Book collection A'?
What are the names of products whose availability equals to 1?
How many different product types are there?
What are the first name, last name, and gender of all the good customers? Order by their last name.
What is the average amount due for all the payments?
What are the maximum, minimum, and average booked count for the products booked?
What are all the distinct payment types?
What are the daily hire costs for the products with substring 'Book' in its name?
How many products are never booked with amount higher than 200?
What are the coupon amount of the coupons owned by both good and bad customers?
What are the payment date of the payment with amount paid higher than 300 or with payment type is 'Check'
What are the names and descriptions of the products that are of 'Cutlery' type and have daily hire cost lower than 20?
How many phones are there?
List the names of phones in ascending order of price.
What are the memories and carriers of phones?
List the distinct carriers of phones with memories bigger than 32.
Show the names of phones with carrier either "Sprint" or "TMobile".
What is the carrier of the most expensive phone?
Show different carriers of phones together with the number of phones with each carrier.
Show the most frequently used carrier of the phones.
Show the carriers that have both phones with memory smaller than 32 and phones with memory bigger than 64.
Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on.
Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on, in ascending order of the ranking of the market.
Show the names of phones that are on market with number of shops greater than 50.
For each phone, show its names and total number of stocks.
Show the names of phones that have total number of stocks bigger than 2000, in descending order of the total number of stocks.
List the names of phones that are not on any market.
How many gas companies are there?
List the company name and rank for all companies in the decreasing order of their sales.
Show the company name and the main industry for all companies whose headquarters are not from USA.
Show all company names and headquarters in the descending order of market value.
Show minimum, maximum, and average market value for all companies.
Show all main industry for all companies.
List all headquarters and the number of companies in each headquarter.
Show all main industry and total market value in each industry.
List the main industry with highest total market value and its number of companies.
Show headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry.
Show gas station id, location, and manager_name for all gas stations ordered by open year.
How many gas station are opened between 2000 and 2005?
Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count.
Show all headquarters with both a company in banking industry and a company in Oil and gas.
Show all headquarters without a company in banking industry.
Show the company name with the number of gas station.
Show company name and main industry without a gas station.
Show the manager name for gas stations belonging to the ExxonMobil company.
Show all locations where a gas station for company with market value greater than 100 is located.
Show the manager name with most number of gas stations opened after 2000.
order all gas station locations by the opening year.
find the rank, company names, market values of the companies in the banking industry order by their sales and profits in billion.
find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts.
How many regions do we have?
Show all distinct region names ordered by their labels.
How many parties do we have?
Show the ministers and the time they took and left office, listed by the time they left office.
Show the minister who took office after 1961 or before 1959.
Show all ministers who do not belong to Progress Party.
Show all ministers and parties they belong to in descending order of the time they took office.
Return the minister who left office at the latest time.
List member names and their party names.
Show all party names and the number of members in each party.
What is the name of party with most number of members?
Show all party names and their region names.
Show names of parties that does not have any members.
Show the member names which are in both the party with id 3 and the party with id 1.
Show member names that are not in the Progress Party.
How many party events do we have?
Show party names and the number of events for each party.
Show all member names who are not in charge of any event.
What are the names of parties with at least 2 events?
What is the name of member in charge of greatest number of events?
find the event names that have more than 2 records.
How many Annual Meeting events happened in the United Kingdom region?
How many pilots are there?
List the names of pilots in ascending order of rank.
What are the positions and teams of pilots?
List the distinct positions of pilots older than 30.
Show the names of pilots from team "Bradley" or "Fordham".
What is the joined year of the pilot of the highest rank?
What are the different nationalities of pilots? Show each nationality and the number of pilots of each nationality.
Show the most common nationality of pilots.
Show the pilot positions that have both pilots joining after year 2005 and pilots joining before 2000.
Show the names of pilots and models of aircrafts they have flied with.
Show the names of pilots and fleet series of the aircrafts they have flied with in ascending order of the rank of the pilot.
Show the fleet series of the aircrafts flied by pilots younger than 34
Show the names of pilots and the number of records they have.
Show names of pilots that have more than one record.
List the names of pilots that do not have any record.
What document status codes do we have?
What is the description of document status code 'working'?
What document type codes do we have?
What is the description of document type 'Paper'?
What are the shipping agent names?
What is the shipping agent code of shipping agent UPS?
What are all role codes?
What is the description of role code ED?
How many employees do we have?
What is the role of the employee named Koby?
List all document ids and receipt dates of documents.
How many employees does each role have? List role description, id and number of employees.
List roles that have more than one employee. List the role description and number of employees.
What is the document status description of the document with id 1?
How many documents have the status code done?
List the document type code for the document with the id 2.
List the document ids for any documents with the status code done and the type code paper.
What is the name of the shipping agent of the document with id 2?
How many documents were shipped by USPS?
Which shipping agent shipped the most documents? List the shipping agent name and the number of documents.
What is the receipt date of the document with id 3?
What address was the document with id 4 mailed to?
What is the mail date of the document with id 7?
List the document ids of documents with the status done and type Paper, which not shipped by the shipping agent named USPS.
List document id of documents status is done and document type is Paper and the document is shipped by shipping agent named USPS.
What is draft detail of the document with id 7?
How many draft copies does the document with id 2 have?
Which document has the most draft copies? List its document id and number of draft copies.
Which documents have more than 1 draft copies? List document id and number of draft copies.
List all employees in the circulation history of the document with id 1. List the employee's name.
List the employees who have not showed up in any circulation history of documents. List the employee's name.
Which employee has showed up in most circulation history documents. List the employee's name and the number of drafts and copies.
For each document, list the number of employees who have showed up in the circulation history of that document. List the document ids and number of employees.
List all department names ordered by their starting date.
find all dependent names who have a spouse relation with some employee.
how many female dependents are there?
Find the names of departments that are located in Houston.
Return the first names and last names of employees who earn more than 30000 in salary.
Find the number of employees of each gender whose salary is lower than 50000.
list the first and last names, and the addresses of all employees in the ascending order of their birth date.
what are the event details of the services that have the type code 'Marriage'?
What are the ids and details of events that have more than one participants?
How many events have each participants attended? List the participant id, type and the number.
What are all the the participant ids, type code and details?
How many participants belong to the type 'Organizer'?
List the type of the services in alphabetical order.
List the service id and details for the events.
How many events had participants whose details had the substring 'Dr.'
What is the most common participant type?
Which service id and type has the least number of participants?
What is the id of the event with the most participants?
Which events id does not have any participant with detail 'Kenyatta Kuhn'?
Which services type had both successful and failure event details?
How many events did not have any participants?
What are all the distinct participant ids who attended any events?
What is the name of the race held most recently?
What is the name and date of the most recent race?
Find the names of all races held in 2017.
Find the distinct names of all races held between 2014 and 2017?
List the forename and surname of all distinct drivers who once had laptime less than 93000 milliseconds?
Find all the distinct id and nationality of drivers who have had laptime more than 100000 milliseconds?
What are the forename and surname of the driver who has the smallest laptime?
What is the id and family name of the driver who has the longest laptime?
What is the id, forname and surname of the driver who had the first position in terms of laptime at least twice?
How many drivers participated in the race Australian Grand Prix held in 2009?
How many drivers did not participate in the races held in 2009?
Give me a list of names and years of races that had any driver whose forename is Lewis?
Find the forename and surname of drivers whose nationality is German?
Find the id and forenames of drivers who participated both the races with name Australian Grand Prix and the races with name Chinese Grand Prix?
What are the forenames and surnames of drivers who participated in the races named Australian Grand Prix but not the races named Chinese Grand Prix?
Find all the forenames of distinct drivers who was in position 1 as standing and won?
Find all the forenames of distinct drivers who won in position 1 as driver standing and had more than 20 points?
What are the numbers of constructors for different nationalities?
What are the numbers of races for each constructor id?
What are the names of races that were held after 2017 and the circuits were in the country of Spain?
What are the unique names of races that held after 2000 and the circuits were in Spain?
Find the distinct driver id and the stop number of all drivers that have a shorter pit stop duration than some drivers in the race with id 841.
Find the distinct driver id of all drivers that have a longer stop duration than some drivers in the race whose id is 841?
List the forenames of all distinct drivers in alphabetical order?
List the names of all distinct races in reversed  lexicographic order?
What are the names of races held between 2009 and 2011?
What are the names of races held after 12:00:00 or before 09:00:00?
What are the drivers' first, last names and id who had more than 8 pit stops or participated in more than 5 race results?
What are the drivers' last names and id who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 race results?
What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010?
What are the names of circuits that belong to UK or Malaysia?
Find the id and location of circuits that belong to France or Belgium?
Find the names of Japanese constructors that have once earned more than 5 points?
What is the average fastest lap speed in race named 'Monaco Grand Prix' in 2008 ?
What is the maximum fastest lap speed in race named 'Monaco Grand Prix' in 2008 ?
What are the maximum fastest lap speed in races held after 2004 grouped by race name and ordered by year?
What are the average fastest lap speed in races held after 2004 grouped by race name and ordered by year?
Find the id, forename and number of races of all drivers who have at least participated in two races?
Find the driver id and number of races of all drivers who have at most participated in 30 races?
Find the id and surname of the driver who participated the most number of races?
How many technicians are there?
List the names of technicians in ascending order of age.
What are the team and starting year of technicians?
List the name of technicians whose team is not "NYY".
Show the name of technicians aged either 36 or 37
What is the starting year of the oldest technicians?
Show different teams of technicians and the number of technicians in each team.
Please show the team that has the most number of technicians.
Show the team that have at least two technicians.
Show names of technicians and series of machines they are assigned to repair.
Show names of technicians in ascending order of quality rank of the machine they are assigned.
Show names of technicians who are assigned to repair machines with value point more than 70.
Show names of technicians and the number of machines they are assigned to repair.
List the names of technicians who have not been assigned to repair machines.
Show the starting years shared by technicians from team "CLE" and "CWS".
How many entrepreneurs are there?
List the companies of entrepreneurs in descending order of money requested.
List the companies and the investors of entrepreneurs.
What is the average money requested by all entrepreneurs?
What are the names of people in ascending order of weight?
What are the names of entrepreneurs?
What are the names of entrepreneurs whose investor is not "Rachel Elnaugh"?
What is the weight of the shortest person?
What is the name of the entrepreneur with the greatest weight?
What is the total money requested by entrepreneurs with height more than 1.85?
What are the dates of birth of entrepreneurs with investor "Simon Woodroffe" or "Peter Jones"?
What are the weights of entrepreneurs in descending order of money requested?
What are the investors of entrepreneurs and the corresponding number of entrepreneurs invested by each investor?
What is the investor that has invested in the most number of entrepreneurs?
What are the investors that have invested in at least two entrepreneurs?
List the names of entrepreneurs and their companies in descending order of money requested?
List the names of people that are not entrepreneurs.
Show the investors shared by entrepreneurs that requested more than 140000 and entrepreneurs that requested less than 120000.
How many distinct companies are there?
Show the company of the tallest entrepreneur.
How many perpetrators are there?
List the date of perpetrators in descending order of the number of people killed.
List the number of people injured by perpetrators in ascending order.
What is the average number of people injured by all perpetrators?
What is the location of the perpetrator with the largest kills.
What are the names of people in ascending order of height?
What are the names of perpetrators?
What are the names of perpetrators whose country is not "China"?
What is the name of the perpetrator with the biggest weight.
What is the total kills of the perpetrators with height more than 1.84.
What are the names of perpetrators in country "China" or "Japan"?
What are the heights of perpetrators in descending order of the number of people they injured?
What are the countries of perpetrators? Show each country and the corresponding number of perpetrators there.
What is the country that has the most perpetrators?
What are the countries that have at least two perpetrators?
List the names of perpetrators in descending order of the year.
List the names of people that are not perpetrators.
Show the countries that have both perpetrators with injures more than 50 and perpetrators with injures smaller than 20.
How many distinct locations of perpetrators are there?
Show the date of the tallest perpetrator.
In which year did the most recent crime happen?
Report the name of all campuses in Los Angeles county.
What are the names of all campuses located at Chico?
Find all the campuses opened in 1958.
Find the name of the campuses opened before 1800.
Which campus was opened between 1935 and 1939?
Find the name of the campuses that is in Northridge, Los Angeles or in San Francisco, San Francisco.
What is the campus fee of "San Jose State University" in year 1996?
What is the campus fee of "San Francisco State University" in year 1996?
Find the count of universities whose campus fee is greater than the average campus fee.
Which university is in Los Angeles county and opened after 1950?
Which year has the most degrees conferred?
Which campus has the most degrees conferred in all times?
Which campus has the most faculties in year 2003?
Find the average fee on a CSU campus in 1996
What is the average fee on a CSU campus in 2005?
report the total number of degrees granted between 1998 and 2002.
For each Orange county campus, report the number of degrees granted after 2000.
Find the names of the campus which has more faculties in 2002 than every campus in Orange county.
What campus had more than 400 total enrollment but more than 200 full time enrollment in year 1956?
How many campuses are there in Los Angeles county?
How many degrees were conferred in "San Jose State University" in 2000?
What are the degrees conferred in "San Francisco State University" in 2001.
How many faculty is there in total in the year of 2002?
What is the number of faculty lines in campus "Long Beach State University" in 2002?
How many faculty lines are there in "San Francisco State University" in year 2004?
List the campus that have between 600 and 1000 faculty lines in year 2004.
How many faculty lines are there in the university that conferred the most number of degrees in year 2002?
How many faculty lines are there in the university that conferred the least number of degrees in year 2001?
How many undergraduates are there in "San Jose State University" in year 2004?
What is the number of graduates in "San Francisco State University" in year 2004?
What is the campus fee of "San Francisco State University" in year 2000?
Find the campus fee of "San Jose State University" in year 2000.
How many CSU campuses are there?
How many candidates are there?
Which poll resource provided the most number of candidate information?
what are the top 3 highest support rates?
Find the id of the candidate who got the lowest oppose rate.
Please list support, consider, and oppose rates for each candidate in ascending order by unsure rate.
which poll source does the highest oppose rate come from?
List all people names in the order of their date of birth from old to young.
Find the average height and weight for all males (sex is M).
find the names of people who are taller than 200 or lower than 190.
Find the average and minimum weight for each gender.
Find the name and gender of the candidate who got the highest support rate.
Find the name of the candidates whose oppose percentage is the lowest for each sex.
which gender got the highest average uncertain ratio.
what are the names of people who did not participate in the candidate election.
Find the names of the candidates whose support percentage is lower than their oppose rate.
how many people are there whose weight is higher than 85 for each gender?
find the highest support percentage, lowest consider rate and oppose rate of all candidates.
list all female (sex is F) candidate names in the alphabetical order.
find the name of people whose height is lower than the average.
List all info about all people.
Find the titles of all movies directed by steven spielberg.
What is the name of the movie produced after 2000 and directed by James Cameron?
How many movies were made before 2000?
Who is the director of movie Avatar?
How many reviewers listed?
What is the id of the reviewer whose name has substring “Mike”?
What is the reviewer id of Daniel Lewis?
What is the total number of ratings that has more than 3 stars?
What is the lowest and highest rating star?
Find all years that have a movie that received a rating of 4 or 5, and sort them in increasing order of year.
What are the names of directors who directed movies with 5 star rating? Also return the title of these movies.
What is the average rating star for each reviewer?
Find the titles of all movies that have no ratings.
Find the names of all reviewers who have ratings with a NULL value for the date.
What is the average rating stars and title for the oldest movie?
What is the name of the most recent movie?
What is the maximum stars and year for the most recent movie?
What is the names of movies whose created year is after all movies directed by Steven Spielberg?
What are the titles and directors of the movies whose star is greater than the average stars of the movies directed by James Cameron?
Return reviewer name, movie title, stars, and ratingDate. And sort the data first by reviewer name, then by movie title, and lastly by number of stars.
Find the names of all reviewers who have contributed three or more ratings.
Find the names of all reviewers who rated Gone with the Wind.
Find the names of all directors whose movies are rated by Sarah Martinez.
For any rating where the name of reviewer is the same as the director of the movie, return the reviewer name, movie title, and number of stars.
Return all reviewer names and movie names together in a single list.
Find the titles of all movies not reviewed by Chris Jackson.
For all directors who directed more than one movie, return the titles of all movies directed by them, along with the director name. Sort by director name, then movie title.
For directors who had more than one movie, return the titles and produced years of all movies directed by them.
What are the names of the directors who made exactly one movie?
What are the names of the directors who made exactly one movie excluding director NULL?
How many movie reviews does each director get?
Find the movies with the highest average rating. Return the movie titles and average rating.
What are the movie titles and average rating of the movies with the lowest average rating?
What are the names and years of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating star?
For each director, return the director's name together with the title of the movie they directed that received the highest rating among all of their movies, and the value of that rating. Ignore movies whose director is NULL.
Find the title and star rating of the movie that got the least rating star for each reviewer.
Find the title and score of the movie with the lowest rating among all movies directed by each director.
What is the name of the movie that is rated by most of times?
What are the titles of all movies that have rating star is between 3 and 5?
Find the names of reviewers who had given higher than 3 star ratings.
Find the average rating star for each movie that are not reviewed by Brittany Harris.
What are the ids of the movies that are not reviewed by Brittany Harris.
Find the average rating star for each movie that received at least 2 ratings.
find the ids of reviewers who did not give 4 star.
Find the ids of reviewers who didn't only give 4 star.
What are names of the movies that are either made after 2000 or reviewed by Brittany Harris?
What are names of the movies that are either made before 1980 or directed by James Cameron?
What are the names of reviewers who had rated 3 star and 4 star?
What are the names of movies that get 3 star and 4 star?
How many counties are there?
List the names of counties in descending order of population.
List the distinct police forces of counties whose location is not on east side.
What are the minimum and maximum crime rate of counties?
Show the crime rates of counties in ascending order of number of police officers.
What are the names of cities in ascending alphabetical order?
What are the percentage of hispanics in cities with the black percentage higher than 10?
List the name of the county with the largest population.
List the names of the city with the top 5 white percentages.
Show names of cities and names of counties they are in.
Show white percentages of cities and the crime rates of counties they are in.
Show the name of cities in the county that has the largest number of police officers.
Show the number of cities in counties that have a population more than 20000.
Show the crime rate of counties with a city having white percentage more than 90.
Please show the police forces and the number of counties with each police force.
What is the location shared by most counties?
List the names of counties that do not have any cities.
Show the police force shared by counties with location on the east and west.
Show the names of cities in counties that have a crime rate less than 100.
Show the case burden of counties in descending order of population.
Find the names of all modern rooms with a base price below $160 and two beds.
Find all the rooms that have a price higher than 160 and can accommodate more than 2 people. Report room names and ids.
Find the most popular room in the hotel. The most popular room is the room that had seen the largest number of reservations.
How many kids stay in the rooms reserved by ROY SWEAZY?
How many times does ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room.
Which room has the highest rate? List the room's full name, rate, check in and check out date.
How many adults stay in the room CONRAD SELBIG checked in on Oct 23, 2010?
How many kids stay in the room DAMIEN TRACHSEL checked in on Sep 21, 2010?
How many king beds are there?
List the names and decor of rooms that have a king bed. Sort the list by their price.
Which room has cheapest base price? List the room's name and the base price.
What is the decor of room Recluse and defiance?
What is the average base price of different bed type? List bed type and average base price.
What is the total number of people who could stay in the modern rooms in this inn?
What kind of decor has the least number of reservations?
List how many times the number of people in the room reached the maximum occupancy of the room. The number of people include adults and kids.
Find the first and last names of people who payed more than the rooms' base prices.
How many rooms are there?
Find the number of rooms with a king bed.
Find the number of rooms for each bed type.
Find the name of the room with the maximum occupancy.
Find the id and name of the most expensive base price room.
List the type of bed and name of all traditional rooms.
Find the number of rooms with king bed for each decor type.
Find the average and minimum price of the rooms in different decor.
List the name of all rooms sorted by their prices.
Find the number of rooms with price higher than 120 for different decor.
List the name of rooms with king or queen bed.
How many different types of beds are there?
Find the name and id of the top 3 expensive rooms.
Find the name of rooms whose price is higher than the average price.
Find the number of rooms that do not have any reservation.
Return the name and number of reservations made for each of the rooms.
Find the names of rooms that have been reserved for more than 60 times.
Find the name of rooms whose base price is between 120 and 150.
Find the name of rooms booked by some customers whose first name contains ROY.
what are the details of the cmi masters that have the cross reference code 'Tax'?
What is the cmi cross reference id that is related to at least one council tax entry? List the cross reference id and source system code.
How many business rates are related to each cmi cross reference? List cross reference id, master customer id and the n
What is the tax source system code related to the benefits and overpayments? List the code and the benifit id, order by benifit id.
Wat is the tax source system code and master customer id of the taxes related to each parking fine id?
What are the renting arrears tax ids related to the customer master index whose detail is not 'Schmidt, Kertzmann and Lubowitz'?
What are the register ids of electoral registries that have the cross reference source system code 'Electoral' or 'Tax'?
How many different source system code for the cmi cross references are there?
List all information about customer master index, and sort them by details in descending order.
List the council tax ids and their related cmi cross references of all the parking fines.
How many council taxes are collected for renting arrears ?
What are the distinct cross reference source system codes which are related to the master customer details 'Gottlieb, Becker and Wyman'?
Which cmi cross reference id is not related to any parking taxes?
Which distinct source system code includes the substring 'en'?
How many parties are there?
List the themes of parties in ascending order of number of hosts.
What are the themes and locations of parties?
Show the first year and last year of parties with theme "Spring" or "Teqnology".
What is the average number of hosts for parties?
What is the location of the party with the most hosts?
Show different nationalities along with the number of hosts of each nationality.
Show the most common nationality of hosts.
Show the nations that have both hosts older than 45 and hosts younger than 35.
Show the themes of parties and the names of the party hosts.
Show the locations of parties and the names of the party hosts in ascending order of the age of the host.
Show the locations of parties with hosts older than 50.
Show the host names for parties with number of hosts greater than 20.
Show the name and the nationality of the oldest host.
List the names of hosts who did not serve as a host of any party in our record.
Show all region code and region name sorted by the codes.
List all region names in alphabetical order.
Show names for all regions except for Denmark.
How many storms had death records?
List name, dates active, and number of deaths for all storms with at least 1 death.
Show the average and maximum damage for all storms with max speed higher than 1000.
What is the total number of deaths and damage for all storms with a max speed greater than the average?
List name and damage for all storms in a descending order of max speed.
How many regions are affected?
Show the name for regions not affected.
Show the name for regions and the number of storms for each region.
List the name for storms and the number of affected regions for each storm.
What is the storm name and max speed which affected the greatest number of regions?
Show the name of storms which don't have affected region in record.
Show storm name with at least two regions and 10 cities affected.
Show all storm names except for those with at least two affected regions.
What are the region names affected by the storm with a number of deaths of least 10?
Show all storm names affecting region "Denmark".
Show the region name with at least two storms.
Find the names of the regions which were affected by the storm that killed the greatest number of people.
Find the name of the storm that affected both Afghanistan and Albania regions.
How many counties are there in total?
Show the county name and population of all counties.
Show the average population of all counties.
Return the maximum and minimum population among all counties.
Show all the distinct districts for elections.
Show the zip code of the county with name "Howard".
Show the delegate from district 1 in election.
Show the delegate and committee information of elections.
How many distinct governors are there?
Show the lieutenant governor and comptroller from the democratic party.
In which distinct years was the governor "Eliot Spitzer"?
Show all the information about election.
Show the delegates and the names of county they belong to.
Which delegates are from counties with population smaller than 100000?
How many distinct delegates are from counties with population larger than 50000?
What are the names of the county that the delegates on "Appropriations" committee belong to?
Show the delegates and the names of the party they belong to.
Who were the governors of the parties associated with delegates from district 1?
Who were the comptrollers of the parties associated with the delegates from district 1 or district 2?
Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic party.
Show the name of each county along with the corresponding number of delegates from that county.
Show the name of each party and the corresponding number of delegates from that party.
Return the names of all counties sorted by population in ascending order.
Return the names of all counties sorted by county name in descending alphabetical order.
Show the name of the county with the biggest population.
Show the 3 counties with the smallest population.
Show the names of counties that have at least two delegates.
Show the name of the party that has at least two records.
Show the name of the party that has the most delegates.
Show the people that have been governor the most times.
Show the people that have been comptroller the most times and the corresponding number of times.
What are the names of parties that do not have delegates in election?
What are the names of parties that have both delegates on "Appropriations" committee and
Which committees have delegates from both democratic party and liberal party?
How many journalists are there?
List the names of journalists in ascending order of years working.
What are the nationalities and ages of journalists?
Show the names of journalists from "England" or "Wales".
What is the average number of years spent working as a journalist?
What is the nationality of the journalist with the largest number of years working?
Show the different nationalities and the number of journalists of each nationality.
Show the most common nationality for journalists.
Show the nations that have both journalists with more than 10 years of working and journalists with less than 3 years of working.
Show the dates, places, and names of events in descending order of the attendance.
Show the names of journalists and the dates of the events they reported.
Show the names of journalists and the names of the events they reported in ascending order
Show the names of journalists and the number of events they reported.
Show the names of journalists that have reported more than one event.
List the names of journalists who have not reported any event.
what are the average and maximum attendances of all events?
Find the average age and experience working length of journalists working on different role type.
List the event venues and names that have the top 2 most number of people attended.
Show me all the restaurants.
What is the address of the restaurant Subway?
What is the rating of the restaurant Subway?
List all restaurant types.
What is the description of the restaurant type Sandwich?
Which restaurants have highest rating? List the restaurant name and its rating.
What is the age of student Linda Smith?
What is the gender of the student Linda Smith?
List all students' first names and last names who majored in 600.
Which city does student Linda Smith live in?
Advisor 1121 has how many students?
Which Advisor has most of students? List advisor and the number of students.
Which major has least number of students? List the major and the number of students.
Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students? List major and the number of students.
Which student's age is older than 18 and is majoring in 600? List each student's first and last name.
List all female students age is older than 18 who is not majoring in 600. List students' first name and last name.
How many restaurant is the Sandwich type restaurant?
How long does student Linda Smith spend on the restaurant in total?
How many times has the student Linda Smith visited Subway?
When did Linda Smith visit Subway?
At which restaurant did the students spend the least amount of time? List restaurant and the time students spent on in total.
Which student visited restaurant most often? List student's first name and last name.
Find the ids of orders whose status is 'Success'.
Find the name and price of the product that has been ordered the greatest number of times.
Find the number of customers in total.
How many different payment methods are there?
Show the details of all trucks in the order of their license number.
Find the name of the most expensive product.
Find the names of customers who are not living in the state of California.
List the names and emails of customers who payed by Visa card.
Find the names and phone numbers of customers living in California state.
Find the states which do not have any employee in their record.
List the names, phone numbers, and emails of all customers sorted by their dates of becoming customers.
Find the name of the first 5 customers.
Find the payment method that is used most frequently.
List the names of all routes in alphabetic order.
Find the name of route that has the highest number of deliveries.
List the state names and the number of customers living in each state.
How many authors are there?
How many institutions are there?
How many papers are published in total?
What are the titles of papers published by "Jeremy Gibbons"?
Find all the papers published by "Aaron Turon".
How many papers have "Atsushi Ohori" published?
What is the name of the institution that "Matthias Blume" belongs to?
Which institution does "Katsuhiro Ueno" belong to?
Who belong to the institution "University of Oxford"? Show the first names and last names.
Which authors belong to the institution "Google"? Show the first names and last names.
What are the last names of the author of the paper titled "Binders Unbound"?
Find the first and last name of the author(s) who wrote the paper "Nameless, Painless".
What are the papers published under the institution "Indiana University"?
Find all the papers published by the institution "Google".
How many papers are published by the institution "Tokohu University"?
Find the number of papers published by the institution "University of Pennsylvania".
Find the papers which have "Olin Shivers" as an author.
Which papers have "Stephanie Weirich" as an author?
Which paper is published in an institution in "USA" and have "Turon" as its second author?
Find the titles of papers whose first author is affiliated with an institution in the country "Japan" and has last name "Ohori"?
What is the last name of the author that has published the most papers?
Retrieve the country that has published the most papers.
Find the name of the organization that has published the largest number of papers.
Find the titles of the papers that contain the word "ML".
Which paper's title contains the word "Database"?
Find the first names of all the authors who have written a paper with title containing the word "Functional".
Find the last names of all the authors that have written a paper with title containing the word "Monadic".
Retrieve the title of the paper that has the largest number of authors.
What is the first name of the author with last name "Ueno"?
Find the last name of the author with first name "Amal".
Find the first names of all the authors ordered in alphabetical order.
Retrieve all the last names of authors in alphabetical order.
Retrieve all the first and last names of authors in the alphabetical order of last names.
How many different last names do the actors and actresses have?
What is the most popular first name of the actors?
What is the most popular full name of the actors?
Which districts have at least two addresses?
What is the phone number and postal code of the address 1031 Daugavpils Parkway?
Which city has the most addresses? List the city name, number of addresses, and city id.
How many addresses are in the district of California?
Which film is rented at a fee of 0.99 and has less than 3 in the inventory? List the film title and id.
How many cities are in Australia?
Which countries have at least 3 cities?
Find all the payment dates for the payments with an amount larger than 10 and the payments handled by a staff person with the first name Elsa.
How many customers have an active value of 1?
Which film has the highest rental rate? And what is the rate?
Which film has the most number of actors or actresses? List the film name, film id and description.
Which film actor (actress) starred the most films? List his or her first name, last name and actor id.
Which film actors (actresses) played a role in more than 30 films? List his or her first name and last name.
Which store owns most items?
What is the total amount of all payments?
Which customer, who has made at least one payment, has spent the least money? List his or her first name, last name, and the id.
What is the genre name of the film HUNGER ROOF?
How many films are there in each category? List the genre name, genre id and the count.
Which film has the most copies in the inventory? List both title and id.
What is the film title and inventory id of the item in the inventory which was rented most frequently?
How many languages are in these films?
What are all the movies rated as R? List the titles.
Where is store 1 located?
Which staff handled least number of payments? List the full name and the id.
Which language does the film AIRPORT POLLOCK use? List the language name.
How many stores are there?
How many kinds of different ratings are listed?
Which movies have 'Deleted Scenes' as a substring in the special feature?
How many items in inventory does store 1 have?
When did the first payment happen?
Where does the customer with the first name Linda live? And what is her email?
Find all the films longer than 100 minutes, or rated PG, except those who cost more than 200 for replacement. List the titles.
What is the first name and the last name of the customer who made the earliest rental?
What is the full name of the staff member who has rented a film to a customer with the first name April and the last name Burns?
Which store has most the customers?
What is the largest payment amount?
Where does the staff member with the first name Elsa live?
What are the first names of customers who have not rented any films after '2005-08-23 02:06:01'?
How many bank branches are there?
How many customers are there?
Find the number of customers in the banks at New York City.
Find the average number of customers in all banks of Utah state.
Find the average number of customers cross all banks.
Find the city and state of the bank branch named morningside.
Find the branch names of banks in the New York state.
List the name of all customers sorted by their account balance in ascending order.
List the name of all different customers who have some loan sorted by their total loan amount.
Find the state, account type, and credit score of the customer whose number of loan is 0.
Find the number of different cities which banks are located at.
Find the number of different states which banks are located at.
How many distinct types of accounts are there?
Find the name and account balance of the customer whose name includes the letter ‘a’.
Find the total account balance of each customer from Utah or Texas.
Find the name of customers who have both saving and checking account types.
Find the name of customers who do not have an saving account.
Find the name of customers who do not have a loan with a type of Mortgages.
Find the name of customers who have loans of both Mortgages and Auto.
Find the name of customers whose credit score is below the average credit scores of all customers.
Find the branch name of the bank that has the most number of customers.
Find the name of customer who has the lowest credit score.
Find the name, account type, and account balance of the customer who has the highest credit score.
Find the name of customer who has the highest amount of loans.
Find the state which has the most number of customers.
For each account type, find the average account balance of customers with credit score lower than 50.
For each state, find the total account balance of customers whose credit score is above 100.
Find the total amount of loans offered by each bank branch.
Find the name of customers who have more than one loan.
Find the name and account balance of the customers who have loans with a total amount of more than 5000.
Find the name of bank branch that provided the greatest total amount of loans.
Find the name of bank branch that provided the greatest total amount of loans to customers with credit score is less than 100.
Find the name of bank branches that provided some loans.
Find the name and credit score of the customers who have some loans.
Find the the name of the customers who have a loan with amount more than 3000.
Find the city and name of bank branches that provide business loans.
Find the names of bank branches that have provided a loan to any customer whose credit score is below 100.
Find the total amount of loans provided by bank branches in the state of New York.
Find the average credit score of the customers who have some loan.
Find the average credit score of the customers who do not have any loan.
How many assessment notes are there in total?
What are the dates of the assessment notes?
How many addresses have zip code 197?
How many distinct incident type codes are there?
Return all distinct detention type codes.
What are the start and end dates for incidents with incident type code "NOISE"?
Return all detention summaries.
Return the cell phone number and email address for all students.
What is the email of the student with first name "Emma" and last name "Rohan"?
How many distinct students have been in detention?
What is the gender of the teacher with last name "Medhurst"?
What is the incident type description for the incident type with code "VIOLENCE"?
Find the maximum and minimum monthly rental for all student addresses.
Find the first names of teachers whose email address contains the word "man".
List all information about the assessment notes sorted by date in ascending order.
List all cities of addresses in alphabetical order.
Find the first names and last names of teachers in alphabetical order of last name.
Find all information about student addresses, and sort by monthly rental in descending order.
Find the id and first name of the student that has the most number of assessment notes?
Find the ids and first names of the 3 teachers that have the most number of assessment notes?
Find the id and last name of the student that has the most behavior incidents?
Find the id and last name of the teacher that has the most detentions with detention type code "AFTER"?
What are the id and first name of the student whose addresses have the highest average monthly rental?
Find the id and city of the student address with the highest average monthly rental.
What are the code and description of the most frequent behavior incident type?
What are the code and description of the least frequent detention type ?
Find the dates of assessment notes for students with first name "Fanny".
Find the texts of assessment notes for teachers with last name "Schuster".
Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name "Fahey".
Find the start and end dates of detentions of teachers with last name "Schultz".
What are the id and zip code of the address with the highest monthly rental?
What is the cell phone number of the student whose address has the lowest monthly rental?
What are the monthly rentals of student addresses in Texas state?
What are the first names and last names of students with address in Wisconsin state?
What are the line 1 and average monthly rentals of all student addresses?
What is the zip code of the address where the teacher with first name "Lyla" lives?
What are the email addresses of teachers whose address has zip code "918"?
How many students are not involved in any behavior incident?
Find the last names of teachers who are not involved in any detention.
What are the line 1 of addresses shared by some students and some teachers?
Which assets have 2 parts and have less than 2 fault logs? List the asset id and detail.
How many assets does each maintenance contract contain? List the number and the contract id.
How many assets does each third party company supply? List the count and the company id.
Which third party companies have at least 2 maintenance engineers or have at least 2 maintenance contracts? List the company id and name.
What is the name and id of the staff who recorded the fault log but has not contacted any visiting engineers?
Which engineer has visited the most times? Show the engineer id, first name and last name.
Which parts have more than 2 faults? Show the part name and id.
List all every engineer's first name, last name, details and coresponding skill description.
For all the faults of different parts, what are all the decriptions of the skills required to fix them? List the name of the faults and the skill description.
How many assets can each parts be used in? List the part name and the number.
What are all the fault descriptions and the fault status of all the faults recoreded in the logs?
How many engineer visits are required at most for a single fault log? List the number and the log entry id.
What are all the distinct last names of all the engineers?
How many fault status codes are recorded in the fault log parts table?
Which engineers have never visited to maintain the assets? List the engineer first name and last name.
List the asset id, details, make and model for every asset.
When was the first asset acquired?
Which part fault requires the most number of skills to fix? List part id and name.
Which kind of part has the least number of faults? List the part name.
Among those engineers who have visited, which engineer makes the least number of visits? List the engineer id, first name and last name.
Which staff have contacted which engineers? List the staff name and the engineer first name and last name.
Which fault log included the most number of faulty parts? List the fault log id, description and record time.
Which skill is used in fixing the most number of faults? List the skill id and description.
What are all the distinct asset models?
List the all the assets make, model, details by the disposed date ascendingly.
Which part has the least chargeable amount? List the part id and amount.
Which company started the earliest the maintenance contract? Show the company name.
What is the description of the type of the company who concluded its contracts most recently?
Which gender makes up the majority of the staff?
How many engineers did each staff contact? List both the contact staff name and number of engineers contacted.
Which assets did not incur any fault log? List the asset model.
list the local authorities and services provided by all stations.
show all train numbers and names ordered by their time from early to late.
Give me the times and numbers of all trains that go to Chennai, ordered by time.
How many trains have 'Express' in their names?
Find the number and time of the train that goes from Chennai to Guruvayur.
Find the number of trains starting from each origin.
Find the name of the train whose route runs through greatest number of stations.
Find the number of trains for each station, as well as the station network name and services.
What is the average high temperature for each day of week?
Give me the maximum low temperature and average precipitation at the Amersham station.
Find names and times of trains that run through stations for the local authority Chiltern.
How many different services are provided by all stations?
Find the id and local authority of the station with has the highest average high temperature.
Find the id and local authority of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50.
show the lowest low temperature and highest wind speed in miles per hour.
Find the origins from which more than 1 train starts.
Find the number of professors in accounting department.
How many professors are teaching class with code ACCT-211?
What is the first and last name of the professor in biology department?
What are the first names and date of birth of professors teaching course ACCT-211?
How many classes are professor whose last name is Graztevski has?
What is the code of the school where the accounting department belongs to?
How many credits does course CIS-220 have, and what its description?
what is the address of history department?
How many different locations does the school with code BUS has?
How many different locations does each school have?
Find the description and credit for the course QM-261?
Find the number of departments in each school.
Find the number of different departments in each school whose number of different departments is less than 5.
How many sections does each course has?
What is the total credit does each department offer?
Find the number of classes offered for all class rooms that held at least 2 classes.
Find the number of classes in each department.
Find the number of classes in each school.
What is the number of professors for different school?
Find the count and code of the job has most employees.
Which school has the smallest amount of professors?
Find the number of professors with a Ph.D. degree in each department.
Find the number of students for each department.
Find the total number of hours have done for all students in each department.
Find the max, average, and minimum gpa of all students in each department.
What is the name and the average gpa of department whose students have the highest average gpa?
how many schools exist in total?
How many different classes are there?
How many courses are offered?
How many departments does the college has?
How many courses are offered by the Computer Info. Systems department?
How many sections does course ACCT-211 has?
Find the total credits of all classes offered by each department.
Find the name of the department that offers the largest number of credits of all classes.
How many students enrolled in class ACCT-211?
What is the first name of each student enrolled in class ACCT-211?
What is the first name of students enrolled in class ACCT-211 and got grade C?
Find the total number of employees.
How many professors do have a Ph.D. degree?
How many students are enrolled in the class taught by some professor from the accounting department?
What is the name of the department that has the largest number of students enrolled?
list names of all departments ordered by their names.
List the codes of all courses that take place in room KLR209.
List the first name of all employees with job code PROF ordered by their date of birth.
Find the first names and offices of all professors sorted by alphabetical order of their first name.
What is the first and last name of the oldest employee?
What is the first, last name, gpa of the youngest one among students whose GPA is above 3?
What is the first name of students who got grade C in any class?
What is the name of department where has the smallest number of professors?
What is the name of department where has the largest number of professors with a Ph.D. degree?
What are the first names of the professors who do not teach a class.
What is the first names of the professors from the history department who do not teach a class.
What is the last name and office of the professor from the history department?
What is department name and office for the professor whose last name is Heffington?
Find the last name and hire date of the professor who is in office DRE 102.
What is the code of the course which the student whose last name is Smithson took?
What are the description and credit of the course which the student whose last name is Smithson took?
How many professors who has a either Ph.D. or MA degree?
How many professors who are from either Accounting or Biology department?
Find the first name of the professor who is teaching two courses with code CIS-220 and QM-261.
Find the first name of student who is taking classes from accounting and Computer Info. Systems departments
What is the average gpa of the students enrolled in the course with code ACCT-211?
What is the first name, gpa and phone number of the top 5 students with highest gpa?
What is the department name of the students with lowest gpa belongs to?
Find the first name and gpa of the students whose gpa is lower than the average gpa of all students.
Find the name and address of the department that has the highest number of students.
Find the name, address, number of students in the departments that have the top 3 highest number of students.
Find the first name and office of the professor who is in the history department and has a Ph.D. degree.
Find the first names of all instructors who have taught some course and the course code.
Find the first names of all instructors who have taught some course and the course description.
Find the first names and offices of all instructors who have taught some course and also find the course description.
Find the first names and offices of all instructors who have taught some course and the course description and the department name.
Find names of all students who took some course and the course description.
Find names of all students who took some course and got A or C.
Find the first names of all professors in the Accounting department who is teaching some course and the class room.
Find the first names and degree of all professors who are teaching some class in Computer Info. Systems department.
What is the last name of the student who got a grade A in the class with code 10018.
Find the first name and office of history professor who did not get a Ph.D. degree.
Find the first names of professors who are teaching more than one class.
Find the first names of students who took exactly one class.
Find the name of department that offers the class whose description has the word "Statistics".
What is the first name of the student whose last name starting with the letter S and is taking ACCT-211 class?
How many clubs are there?
List the distinct region of clubs in ascending alphabetical order.
What is the average number of gold medals for clubs?
What are the types and countries of competitions?
What are the distinct years in which the competitions type is not "Tournament"?
What are the maximum and minimum number of silver medals for clubs.
How many clubs have total medals less than 10?
List all club names in ascending order of start year.
List all club names in descending alphabetical order.
Please show the names and the players of clubs.
Show the names of clubs that have players with position "Right Wing".
What is the average points of players from club with name "AIB".
List the position of players and the average number of points of players of each position.
List the position of players with average number of points scored by players of that position bigger than 20.
List the types of competition and the number of competitions of each type.
List the most common type of competition.
List the types of competition that have at most five competitions of that type.
List the names of clubs that do not have any players.
What are the positions with both players having more than 20 points and less than 10 points.
Show total points of all players.
how many different positions are there?
what are the name of players who get more than the average points.
find the number of players whose points are lower than 30 in each position.
which country did participated in the most number of Tournament competitions?
which countries did participated in both Friendly and Tournament type competitions.
Find the countries that have never participated in any competition with Friendly type.
How many furniture components are there in total?
Return the name and id of the furniture with the highest market rate.
find the total market rate of the furnitures that have the top 2 market shares.
Find the component amounts and names of all furnitures that have more than 10 components.
Find the name and component amount of the least popular furniture.
Find the names of furnitures whose prices are lower than the highest price.
Which manufacturer has the most number of shops? List its name and year of opening.
Find the average number of factories for the manufacturers that have more than 20 shops.
List all manufacturer names and ids ordered by their opening year.
Give me the name and year of opening of the manufacturers that have either less than 10 factories or more than 10 shops.
what is the average number of factories and maximum number of shops for manufacturers that opened before 1990.
Find the id and number of shops for the company that produces the most expensive furniture.
Find the number of funiture types produced by each manufacturer as well as the company names.
Give me the names and prices of furnitures which some companies are manufacturing.
Find the market shares and names of furnitures which no any company is producing in our records.
Find the name of the company that produces both furnitures with less than 6 components and furnitures with more than 10 components.
Display the first name and department name for each employee.
List the full name (first and last name), and salary for those employees who earn below 6000.
Display the first name, and department number for all employees whose last name is "McEwen".
Return all the information for all employees without any department number.
Display all the information about the department Marketing.
when is the hire date for those employees whose first name does not containing the letter M?
display the full name (first and last), hire date, salary, and department number for those employees whose first name does not containing the letter M.
display the full name (first and last), hire date, salary, and department number for those employees whose first name does not containing the letter M and make the result set in ascending order by department number.
what is the phone number of employees whose salary is in the range of 8000 and 12000?
display all the information of employees whose salary is in the range of 8000 and 12000 and commission is not null or department number does not equal to 40.
What are the full name (first and last name) and salary for all employees who does not have any value for commission?
Display the first and last name, and salary for those employees whose first name is ending with the letter m.
Find job id and date of hire for those employees who was hired between November 5th, 2007 and July 5th, 2009.
What are the first and last name for those employees who works either in department 70 or 90?
Find the salary and manager number for those employees who is working under a manager.
display all the details from Employees table for those employees who was hired before 2002-06-21.
display all the information for all employees who have the letters D or S in their first name and also arrange the result in descending order by salary.
display those employees who joined after 7th September, 1987.
display the job title of jobs which minimum salary is greater than 9000.
display job Title, the difference between minimum and maximum salaries for those jobs which max salary within the range 12000 to 18000.
display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage and salary within the range 7000 to 12000 and works in that department which number is 50.
display the employee ID for each employee and the date on which he ended his previous job.
display those departments where more than ten employees work who got a commission percentage.
Find the ids of the departments where any manager is managing 4 or more employees.
display the average salary of employees for each department who gets a commission percentage.
display the country ID and number of cities for each country.
display job ID for those jobs that were done by two or more for more than 300 days.
display the ID for those employees who did two or more jobs in the past.
Find employee with ID and name of the country presently where (s)he is working.
display the department name and number of employees in each of the department.
Can you return all detailed info of jobs which was done by any of the employees who is presently earning a salary on and above 12000?
display job title and average salary of employees.
What is the full name ( first name and last name ) for those employees who gets more salary than the employee whose id is 163?
return the smallest salary for every departments.
Find the first name and last name and department id for those employees who earn such amount of salary which is the smallest salary of any of the departments.
Find the employee id for all employees who earn more than the average salary.
display the employee id and salary of all employees who report to Payam (first name).
find the name of all departments that do actually have one or more employees assigned to them.
get the details of employees who manage a department.
Find the job ID for those jobs which average salary is above 8000.
display the employee ID and job name for all those jobs in department 80.
What is the first name and job id for all employees in the Finance department?
display all the information of the employees whose salary if within the range of smallest salary and 2500.
Find the ids of the employees who does not work in those departments where some employees works whose manager id within the range 100 and 200.
display the employee name ( first name and last name ) and hire date for all employees in the same department as Clara.
display the employee name ( first name and last name ) and hire date for all employees in the same department as Clara excluding Clara.
display the employee number and name( first name and last name ) for all employees who work in a department with any employee whose name contains a ’T’.
display the employee number, name( first name and last name ), and salary for all employees who earn more than the average salary and who work in a department with any employee with a 'J' in their first name.
display the employee number and job id for all employees whose salary is smaller than any salary of those employees whose job title is MK_MAN.
display the employee number, name( first name and last name ) and job title for all employees whose salary is more than any salary of those employees whose job title is PU_MAN.
display the department id and the total salary for those departments which contains at least two employees.
display all the information of those employees who did not have any job in the past.
display the department ID, full name (first and last name), salary for those employees who is highest salary in every department.
display the first and last name, department, city, and state province for each employee.
display those employees who contain a letter z to their first name and also display their last name, city.
display the department name, city, and state province for each department.
display the full name (first and last name ) of employee with ID and name of the country presently where (s)he is working.
display the department name and number of employees in each of the department.
display the full name (first and last name), and salary of those employees who working in any department located in London.
What is the name of the song that was released in the most recent year?
What is the id of the longest song?
Find the names of all English songs.
What are the id of songs whose format is mp3.
List the name and country of origin for all singers who have produced songs with rating above 9.
List the file size and format for all songs that have resolution lower than 800.
What is the name of the artist who produced the shortest song?
What are the names and countries of origin for the artists who produced the top three highly rated songs.
How many songs have 4 minute duration?
How many artists are from Bangladesh?
What is the average rating of songs produced by female artists?
What is the most popular file format?
Find the names of the artists who are from UK and have produced English songs.
Find the id of songs that are available in mp4 format and have resolution lower than 1000.
What is the country of origin of the artist who is female and produced a song in Bangla?
What is the average duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800?
What is the number of artists for each gender?
What is the average rating of songs for each language?
Return the gender and name of artist who produced the song with the lowest resolution.
For each file format, return the number of artists who released songs in that format.
Find the distinct names of all songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English.
What are the names of all songs that have a lower rating than some song of blues genre?
What is the name and country of origin of the artist who released a song that has "love" in its title?
List the name and gender for all artists who released songs in March.
List the names of all genres in alphabetical oder, together with its ratings.
Give me a list of the names of all songs ordered by their resolution.
What are the ids of songs that are available in either mp4 format or have resolution above 720?
List the names of all songs that have 4 minute duration or are in English.
What is the language used most often in the songs?
What is the language that was used most often in songs with resolution above 500?
What are the names of artists who are Male and are from UK?
Find the names of songs whose genre is modern or language is English.
Return the names of songs for which format is mp3 and resolution is below 1000.
Return the names of singers who are from UK and released an English song.
What are the average rating and resolution of songs that are in Bangla?
What are the maximum and minimum resolution of songs whose duration is 3 minutes?
What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by languages?
What are the shortest duration and lowest rating of songs grouped by genre and ordered by genre?
Find the names and number of works of all artists who have at least one English songs.
Find the name and country of origin for all artists who have release at least one song of resolution above 900.
Find the names and number of works of the three artists who have produced the most songs.
Find the country of origin for the artist who made the least number of songs?
What are the names of the songs whose rating is below the rating of all songs in English?
What is ids of the songs whose resolution is higher than the resolution of any songs with rating lower than 8?
What is ids of the songs whose resolution is higher than the average resolution of songs in modern genre?
Find the top 3 artists who have the largest number of songs works whose language is Bangla.
List the id, genre and artist name of English songs ordered by rating.
List the duration, file size and format of songs whose genre is pop, ordered by title?
Find the names of the artists who have produced English songs but have never received rating higher than 8.
Find the names of the artists who are from Bangladesh and have never received rating higher than 7.
what is the full name and id of the college with the largest number of baseball players?
What is average salary of the players in the team named 'Boston Red Stockings' ?
What are first and last names of players participating in all star game in 1998?
What are the first name, last name and id of the player with the most all star game experiences? Also list the count.
How many players enter hall of fame each year?
What is the average number of attendance at home games for each year?
In 2014, what are the id and rank of the team that has the largest average number of attendance?
What are the manager's first name, last name and id who won the most manager award?
How many parks are there in the state of NY?
Which 3 players won the most player awards? List their full name and id.
List three countries which are the origins of the least players.
Find all the players' first name and last name who have empty death record.
How many players born in USA are right-handed batters? That is, have the batter value 'R'.
What is the average height of the players from the college named 'Yale University'?
What is the highest salary among each team? List the team name, id and maximum salary.
What are the name and id of the team offering the lowest average salary?
Find the players' first name and last name who won award both in 1960 and in 1961.
List players' first name and last name who have weight greater than 220 or height shorter than 75.
List the maximum scores of the team Boston Red Stockings when the team won in postseason?
How many times did Boston Red Stockings lose in 2009 postseason?
What are the name and id of the team with the most victories in 2008 postseason?
What is the number of wins the team Boston Red Stockings got in the postseasons each year in history?
What is the total number of postseason games that team Boston Red Stockings participated in?
How many games in 1885 postseason resulted in ties (that is, the value of "ties" is '1')?
What is the total salary paid by team Boston Red Stockings in 2010?
How many players were in the team Boston Red Stockings in 2000?
List the 3 highest salaries of the players in 2001?
What were all the salary values of players in 2010 and 2001?
In which year did the least people enter hall of fame?
How many parks are there in Atlanta city?
How many games were played in park "Columbia Park" in 1907?
How many games were played in city Atlanta in 2000?
What is the total home game attendance of team Boston Red Stockings from 2000 to 2010?
How much did the the player with first name Len and last name Barker earn between 1985 to 1990 in total?
List players' first name and last name who received salary from team Washington Nationals in both 2005 and 2007.
How many home games did the team Boston Red Stockings play from 1990 to 2000 in total?
Which team had the least number of attendances in home games in 1980?
List the names of states that have more than 2 parks.
How many team franchises are active, with active value 'Y'?
Which cities have 2 to 4 parks?
Which park had most attendances in 2008?
How many camera lenses have a focal length longer than 15 mm?
Find the brand and name for each camera lens, and sort in descending order of maximum aperture.
List the id, color scheme, and name for all the photos.
What are the maximum and average height of the mountains?
What are the average prominence of the mountains in country 'Morocco'?
What are the name, height and prominence of mountains which do not belong to the range 'Aberdare Range'?
What are the id and name of the photos for mountains?
What are the id and name of the mountains that have at least 2 photos?
What are the names of the cameras that have taken picture of the most mountains?
What are the names of photos taken with the lens brand 'Sigma' or 'Olympus'?
How many different kinds of lens brands are there?
How many camera lenses are not used in taking any photos?
How many distinct kinds of camera lenses are used to take photos of mountains in the country 'Ethiopia'?
List the brands of lenses that took both a picture of mountains with range 'Toubkal Atlas' and a picture of mountains with range 'Lasta Massif'
Show the name and prominence of the mountains whose picture is not taken by a lens of brand 'Sigma'.
List the camera lens names containing substring "Digital".
What is the name of each camera lens and the number of photos taken by it? Order the result by the count of photos.
Find the names of channels that are not owned by CCTV.
List all channel names ordered by their rating in percent from big to small.
What is the owner of the channel that has the highest rating ratio?
how many programs are there?
list all the names of programs, ordering by launch time.
List the name, origin and owner of each program.
find the name of the program that was launched most recently.
find the total percentage share of all channels owned by CCTV.
Find the names of the channels that are broadcast in the morning.
what are the names of the channels that broadcast in both morning and night?
how many programs are broadcast in each time section of the day?
find the number of different programs that are broadcast during night time.
Find the names of programs that are never broadcasted in the morning.
find the program owners that have some programs in both morning and night time.
List all program origins in the alphabetical order.
what is the number of different channel owners?
find the names of programs whose origin is not in Beijing.
What are the names of the channels owned by CCTV or HBS?
Find the total rating ratio for each channel owner.
Find the name of the program that is broadcast most frequently.
How many courses are there in total?
What are the descriptions of the courses with name "database"?
What are the addresses of the course authors or tutors with personal name "Cathrine"
List the addresses of all the course authors or tutors.
List all the login names and family names of course author and tutors.
List all the dates of enrollment and completion of students.
How many distinct students are enrolled in courses?
How many distinct courses are enrolled in by students?
Find the dates of the tests taken with result "Pass".
How many tests have result "Fail"?
What are the login names of the students with family name "Ward"?
What are the dates of the latest logon of the students with family name "Jaskolski" or "Langosh"?
How many students have personal names that contain the word "son"?
List all the subject names.
List all the information about course authors and tutors in alphabetical order of the personal name.
List the personal names and family names of all the students in alphabetical order of family name.
List each test result and its count in descending order of count.
Find the login name of the course author that teaches the course with name "advanced database".
Find the addresses of the course authors who teach the course with name "operating system" or "data structure".
Find the personal name, family name, and author ID of the course author that teaches the most courses.
Find the addresses and author IDs of the course authors that teach at least two courses.
Find the names of courses taught by the tutor who has personal name "Julio".
Find the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named "Computer Science".
Find the subject ID, subject name, and the corresponding number of available courses for each subject.
Find the subject ID, name of subject and the corresponding number of courses for each subject, and sort by the course count in ascending order.
What is the date of enrollment of the course named "Spanish"?
What is the name of the course that has the most student enrollment?
What are the names of the courses that have exactly 1 student enrollment?
What are the descriptions and names of the courses that have student enrollment bigger than 2?
What is the name of each course and the corresponding number of student enrollment?
What are the enrollment dates of all the tests that have result "Pass"?
What are the completion dates of all the tests that have result "Fail"?
List the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with personal name "Karson".
List the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with family name "Zieme" and personal name "Bernie".
Find the student ID and login name of the student with the most course enrollments
Find the student ID and personal name of the student with at least two enrollments.
Find the student ID and middle name for all the students with at most two enrollments.
Find the personal names of students not enrolled in any course.
How many students did not have any course enrollment?
Find the common login name of course authors and students.
Find the common personal name of course authors and students.
Which claims caused more than 2 settlements or have the maximum claim value? List the date the claim was made and the claim id.
Which customer had at least 2 policies but did not file any claims? List the customer details and id.
List the method, date and amount of all the payments, in ascending order of date.
Among all the claims, what is the settlement amount of the claim with the largest claim amount? List both the settlement amount and claim amount.
Among all the claims, what is the amount claimed in the claim with the least amount settled? List both the settlement amount and claim amount.
Among all the claims, which claims have a claimed amount larger than the average? List the date the claim was made and the date it was settled.
Among all the claims, which settlements have a claimed amount that is no more than the average? List the claim start date.
How many settlements does each claim correspond to? List the claim id and the number of settlements.
Which claim incurred the most number of settlements? List the claim id, the date the claim was made, and the number.
How many settlements were made on the claim with the most recent claim settlement date? List the number and the claim id.
Of all the claims, what was the earliest date when any claim was made?
What is the total amount of settlement made for all the settlements?
Who are the customers that had more than 1 policy? List the customer details and id.
What are the claim dates and settlement dates of all the settlements?
What is the most popular payment method?
With which kind of payment method were the least number of payments processed?
What is the total amount of payment?
What are all the distinct details of the customers?
Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers?
How many settlements are there in total?
Which Payments were processed with Visa? List the payment Id, the date and the amount.
List the details of the customers who do not have any policies.
List the date the claim was made, the date it was settled and the amount settled for all the claims which had exactly one settlement.
Find the total claimed amount of all the claims.
Which department has the largest number of employees?
What is the employee id of the head whose department has the least number of employees?
what is the name and position of the head whose department has least number of employees?
What are names of patients who made an appointment?
what are name and phone number of patients who had more than one appointment?
Find the id of the appointment with the most recent start date?
List the name of physicians who took some appointment.
List the name of physicians who never took any appointment.
Find the names of all physicians and their primary affiliated departments' names.
What is the name of the patient who made the most recent appointment?
How many patients stay in room 112?
How many patients' prescriptions are made by physician John Dorian?
Find the name of medication used on the patient who stays in room 111?
Find the patient who most recently stayed in room 111.
What is the name of the nurse has the most appointments?
How many patients do each physician take care of? List their names and number of patients they take care of.
Find the name of physicians who are in charge of more than one patient.
Find the number of rooms located on each block floor.
Find the number of rooms for different block code?
What are the unique block codes that have available rooms?
How many different types of rooms are there?
What is the names of the physicians who prescribe medication Thesisin?
Find the name and position of physicians who prescribe some medication whose brand is X?
Find the number of medications prescribed for each brand.
Find the name of physicians whose position title contains the word 'senior'.
Find the patient who has the most recent undergoing treatment?
Find the names of all patients who have an undergoing treatment and are staying in room 111.
List the names of all distinct nurses ordered by alphabetical order?
Find the names of nurses who are nursing an undergoing treatment.
List the names of all distinct medications, ordered in an alphabetical order.
What are the names of the physician who prescribed the highest dose?
List the physicians' employee ids together with their primary affiliation departments' ids.
List the names of departments where some physicians are primarily affiliated with.
What nurses are on call with block floor 1 and block code 1? Tell me their names.
What are the highest cost, lowest cost and average cost of procedures?
List the name and cost of all procedures sorted by the cost from the highest to the lowest.
Find the three most expensive procedures.
Find the physicians who are trained in a procedure that costs more than 5000.
Find the physician who was trained in the most expensive procedure?
What is the average cost of procedures that physician John Wen was trained in?
Find the names of procedures which physician John Wen was trained in.
Find all procedures which cost more than 1000 or which physician John Wen was trained in.
Find the names of all procedures which cost more than 1000 but which physician John Wen was not trained in?
Find the names of all procedures such that the cost is less than 5000 and physician John Wen was trained in.
Find the name of physicians who are affiliated with both Surgery and Psychiatry departments.
Find the name of physicians who are affiliated with Surgery or Psychiatry department.
Find the names of patients who are not using the medication of Procrastin-X.
Find the number of patients who are not using the medication of Procrastin-X.
How many appointments are there?
Find the names of nurses who are on call.
How many ships are there?
List the name of ships in ascending order of tonnage.
What are the type and nationality of ships?
List the name of ships whose nationality is not "United States".
Show the name of ships whose nationality is either United States or United Kingdom.
What is the name of the ship with the largest tonnage?
Show different types of ships and the number of ships of each type.
Please show the most common type of ships.
List the nations that have more than two ships.
Show different types of ships and the average tonnage of ships of each type.
Show codes and fates of missions, and names of ships involved.
Show names of ships involved in a mission launched after 1928.
Show the distinct fate of missions that involve ships with nationality "United States"
List the name of ships that are not involved in any mission
Show the types of ships that have both ships with tonnage larger than 6000 and ships with tonnage smaller than 4000.
Find the number of students in total.
Find the last names of students studying in room 111.
Find the first names of students studying in room 108.
What are the first names of students studying in room 107?
For each classroom report the grade that is taught in it. Report just the classroom number and the grade number.
Which grade is studying in classroom 103?
Find the grade studying in room 105.
Which classrooms are used by grade 4?
Which classrooms are used by grade 5?
Find the last names of the teachers that teach fifth grade.
Find the first names of the teachers that teach first grade.
Find the first names of all the teachers that teach in classroom 110.
Find the last names of teachers teaching in classroom 109.
Report the first name and last name of all the teachers.
Report the first name and last name of all the students.
Find all students taught by OTHA MOYER. Output the first and last names of the students.
Find all students taught by MARROTTE KIRK. Output first and last names of students.
Find the first and last name of all the teachers that teach EVELINA BROMLEY.
Find the last names of all the teachers that teach GELL TAMI.
How many students does LORIA ONDERSMA teaches?
How many students does KAWA GORDON teaches?
Find the number of students taught by TARRING LEIA.
How many teachers does the student named CHRISSY NABOZNY have?
How many teachers does the student named MADLOCK RAY have?
Find all first-grade students who are NOT taught by OTHA MOYER. Report their first and last names.
Find the last names of the students in third grade that are not taught by COVIN JEROME.
For each grade, report the grade, the number of classrooms in which it is taught and the total number of students in the grade.
For each classroom, report the classroom number and the number of grades using it.
Which classroom has the most students?
Report the number of students in each classroom.
For each grade 0 classroom, report the total number of students.
Report the total number of students for each fourth-grade classroom.
Find the name of the teacher who teaches the largest number of students.
Find the number of students in one classroom.
How many companies are headquartered in the US?
List the names of companies by ascending number of sales.
What are the headquarters and industries of all companies?
Show the names of companies in the banking or retailing industry?
What is the maximum and minimum market value of companies?
What is the headquarter of the company with the largest sales?
Show the different headquarters and number of companies at each headquarter.
Show the most common headquarter for companies.
Show the headquarters that have at least two companies.
Show the headquarters that have both companies in banking industry and companies in oil and gas industry.
Show the names of companies and of employees.
Show names of companies and that of employees in descending order of number of years working for that employee.
Show the names of employees that work for companies with sales bigger than 200.
Show the names of companies and the number of employees they have
List the names of people that are not employed by any company
list the names of the companies with more than 200 sales in the descending order of sales and profits.
How many film are there?
List the distinct director of all films.
What is the average ticket sales gross in dollars of films?
What are the low and high estimates of film markets?
What are the types of film market estimations in year 1995?
What are the maximum and minimum number of cities in all markets.
How many markets have number of cities smaller than 300?
List all countries of markets in ascending alphabetical order.
List all countries of markets in descending order of number of cities.
Please show the titles of films and the types of market estimations.
Show the distinct director of films with market estimation in the year of 1995.
What is the average number of cities of markets with low film market estimate bigger than 10000?
Please list the countries and years of film market estimations.
Please list the years of film market estimations when the market is in country "Japan" in descending order.
List the studios of each film and the number of films produced by that studio.
List the name of film studio that have the most number of films.
List the names of studios that have at least two films.
List the title of films that do not have any market estimation.
Show the studios that have produced films with director "Nicholas Meyer" and "Walter Hill".
Find the titles and studios of the films that are produced by some film studios that contained the word "Universal".
Show the studios that have not produced films with director "Walter Hill".
List the studios which average gross is above 4500000.
What is the title of the film that has the highest high market estimation.
What are the titles and directors of the films were never presented in China?
How many calendar items do we have?
Show all calendar dates and day Numbers.
Show the number of document types.
List all document type codes and document type names.
What is the name and description for document type code RV?
What is the document type code for document type "Paper"?
Show the number of documents with document type code CV or BK.
What is the date when the document "Marry CV" was stored?
What is the day Number and date of all the documents?
What is the document type name for the document with name "How to read a book"?
Show the number of locations.
List all location codes and location names.
What are the name and description for location code x?
What is the location code for the country "Canada"?
How many roles are there?
List all role codes, role names, and role descriptions.
What are the name and description for role code "MG"?
Show the description for role name "Proof Reader".
Show the name, role code, and date of birth for the employee with name 'Armani'.
What is the id for the employee called Ebba?
Show the names of all the employees with role "HR".
Show all role codes and the number of employees in each role.
What is the role code with the largest number of employees?
Show all role codes with at least 3 employees.
Show the role code with the least employees.
What is the role name and role description for employee called Ebba?
Show the names of employees with role name Editor.
Show the employee ids for all employees with role name "Human Resource" or "Manager".
What are the different location codes for documents?
Show the location name for document "Robin CV".
Show the location code, the starting date and ending data in that location for all the documents.
What is "the date in location from" and "the date in location to" for the document with name "Robin CV"?
Show the location codes and the number of documents in each location.
What is the location code with the most documents?
Show the location codes with at least 3 documents.
Show the location name and code with the least documents.
What are the names of the employees who authorised the destruction and the employees who destroyed the corresponding documents?
Show the id of each employee and the number of document destruction authorised by that employee.
Show the employee ids and the number of documents destroyed by each employee.
Show the ids of the employees who don't authorize destruction for any document.
Show the ids of all employees who have authorized destruction.
Show the ids of all employees who have destroyed a document.
Show the ids of all employees who don't destroy any document.
Show the ids of all employees who have either destroyed a document or made an authorization to do this.
What are the names of all clubs?
How many students are there?
What are the first names of all the students?
Find the last names of the members of the club "Bootup Baltimore".
Who are the members of the club named "Hopkins Student Enterprises"? Show the last name.
How many members does the club "Tennis Club" has?
Find the number of members of club "Pen and Paper Gaming".
How many clubs does "Linda Smith" belong to?
Find the number of clubs where "Tracy Kim" is a member.
Find all the female members of club "Bootup Baltimore". Show the first name and last name.
Find all the male members of club "Hopkins Student Enterprises". Show the first name and last name.
Find all members of "Bootup Baltimore" whose major is "600". Show the first name and last name.
Which club has the most members majoring in "600"?
Find the name of the club that has the most female students.
What is the description of the club named "Tennis Club"?
Find the description of the club "Pen and Paper Gaming".
What is the location of the club named "Tennis Club"?
Find the location of the club "Pen and Paper Gaming".
Where is the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises" located?
Find the name of all the clubs at "AKW".
How many clubs are located at "HHH"?
What are the first and last name of the president of the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
Who is the "CTO" of club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"? Show the first name and last name.
How many different roles are there in the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
How many members of "Bootup Baltimore" are older than 18?
How many members of club "Bootup Baltimore" are younger than 18?
Find the names of all the clubs that have at least a member from the city with city code "BAL".
Find the names of the clubs that have at least a member from the city with city code "HOU".
How many clubs does the student named "Eric Tai" belong to?
List the clubs having "Davis Steven" as a member.
List the clubs that have at least a member with advisor "1121".
What is the average age of the members of the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
Find the average age of members of the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises".
Retrieve the average age of members of the club "Tennis Club".
What are the distinct grant amount for the grants where the documents were sent before '1986-08-26 20:49:27' and grant were ended after '1989-03-16 18:27:16'?
List the project details of the project both producing patent and paper as outcomes.
What is the total grant amount of the organisations described as research?
List from which date and to which date these staff work: project staff of the project which hires the most staffs
Find the organisation ids and details of the organisations which are involved in
What is the organisation type and id of the organisation which has the most number of research staff?
Which organisation type hires most research staff?
Find out the send dates of the documents with the grant amount of more than 5000 were granted by organisation type described
What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular' or granted with more than 100?
List the project details of the projects which did not hire any staff for a researcher role.
What are the task details, task id and project id for the projects which are detailed as 'omnis' or  have more than 2 outcomes?
When do all the researcher role staff start to work, and when do they stop working?
How many kinds of roles are there for the staff?
What is the total amount of grants given by each organisations? Also list the organisation id.
List the project details of the projects with the research outcome described with the substring 'Published'.
How many staff does each project has? List the project id and the number in an ascending order.
What is the complete description of the researcher role.
When did the first staff for the projects started working?
Which project made the most number of outcomes? List the project details and the project id.
Which projects have no outcome? List the project details.
Which organisation hired the most number of research staff? List the organisation id, type and detail.
Show the role description and the id of the project staff involved in most number of project outcomes?
Which document type is described with the prefix 'Initial'?
For grants with both documents described as 'Regular' and documents described as 'Initial Application', list its start date.
How many documents can one grant have at most? List the grant id and number.
Find the organisation type description of the organisation detailed as 'quo'.
What are all the details of the organisations described as 'Sponsor'? Sort the result in an ascending order.
How many Patent outcomes are generated from all the projects?
How many project staff worked as leaders or started working before '1989-04-24 23:51:54'?
What is the last date of the staff leaving the projects?
What are the result description of the project whose detail is 'sint'?
List the organisation id with the maximum outcome count, and the count.
List the project details of the projects launched by the organisation
List the research staff details, and order in ascending order.
How many tasks are there in total?
How many tasks does each project have? List the task count and the project detail.
What are the staff roles of the staff who
What are the descriptions of all the project outcomes?
Which role is most common for the staff?
How many friends does Dan have?
How many females does this network has?
What is the average age for all person?
How many different cities are they from?
How many type of jobs do they have?
Who is the oldest person?
Who is the oldest person whose job is student?
Who is the youngest male?
How old is the doctor named Zach?
Who is the person whose age is below 30?
How many people whose age is greater 30 and job is engineer?
What is the average age for each gender?
What is average age for different job title?
What is average age of male for different job title?
What is minimum age for different job title?
Find the number of people who is under 40 for each gender.
Find the name of people whose age is greater than any engineer sorted by their age.
Find the number of people whose age is greater than all engineers.
list the name, job title of all people ordered by their names.
Find the names of all person sorted in the descending order using age.
Find the name and age of all males in order of their age.
Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice.
Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of Dan or Alice.
Find the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 and under age 30?
Find the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 but not under age 30?
Find the name of the person who has no student friends.
Find the person who has exactly one friend.
Who are the friends of Bob?
Find the name of persons who are friends with Bob.
Find the names of females who are friends with Zach
Find the female friends of Alice.
Find the male friend of Alice whose job is a doctor?
Who has a friend that is from new york city?
Who has friends that are younger than the average age?
Who has friends that are older than the average age? Print their friends and their ages as well
Who is the friend of Zach with longest year relationship?
What is the age of the friend of Zach with longest year relationship?
Find the name of persons who are friends with Alice for the shortest years.
Find the name, age, and job title of persons who are friends with Alice for the longest years.
Who is the person that has no friend?
Which person whose friends have the oldest average age?
What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin.
Find Alice's friends of friends.
How many members are there?
List the names of members in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the names and countries of members?
Show the names of members whose country is "United States" or "Canada".
Show the different countries and the number of members from each.
Show the most common country across members.
Which countries have more than two members?
Show the leader names and locations of colleges.
Show the names of members and names of colleges they go to.
Show the names of members and the locations of colleges they go to in ascending alphabetical order of member names.
Show the distinct leader names of colleges associated with members from country "Canada".
Show the names of members and the decoration themes they have.
Show the names of members that have a rank in round higher than 3.
Show the names of members in ascending order of their rank in rounds.
List the names of members who did not participate in any round.
Find the name and access counts of all documents, in alphabetic order of the document name.
Find the name of the document that has been accessed the greatest number of times, as well as the count of how many times it has been accessed?
Find the types of documents with more than 4 documents.
Find the total access count of all documents in the most popular document type.
What is the average access count of documents?
What is the structure of the document with the least number of accesses?
What is the type of the document named "David CV"?
Find the list of documents that are both in the most three popular type and have the most three popular structure.
What document types do have more than 10000 total access number.
What are all the section titles of the document named "David CV"?
Find all the name of documents without any sections.
List all the username and passwords of users with the most popular role.
Find the average access counts of documents with functional area "Acknowledgement".
Find names of the document without any images.
What is the name of the document with the most number of sections?
List all the document names which contains "CV".
How many users are logged in?
Find the description of the most popular role among the users that have logged in.
Find the average access count of documents with the least popular structure.
List all the image name and URLs in the order of their names.
Find the number of users in each role.
What document types have more than 2 corresponding documents?
How many companies are there?
List the names of companies in descending order of market value.
What are the names of companies whose headquarters are not "USA"?
What are the name and assets of each company, sorted in ascending order of company name?
What are the average profits of companies?
What are the maximum and minimum sales of the companies whose industries are not "Banking".
How many different industries are the companies in?
List the names of buildings in descending order of building height.
Find the stories of the building with the largest height.
List the name of a building along with the name of a company whose office is in the building.
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices.
Show the name of the building that has the most company offices.
Please show the names of the buildings whose status is "on-hold", in ascending order of stories.
Please show each industry and the corresponding number of companies in that industry.
Please show the industries of companies in descending order of the number of companies.
List the industry shared by the most companies.
List the names of buildings that have no company office.
Show the industries shared by companies whose headquarters are "USA" and companies whose headquarters are "China".
Find the number of companies whose industry is "Banking" or "Conglomerate",
Show the headquarters shared by more than two companies.
How many products are there?
List the name of products in ascending order of price.
What are the names and type codes of products?
Show the prices of the products named "Dining" or "Trading Policy".
What is the average price for products?
What is the name of the product with the highest price?
Show different type codes of products and the number of products with each type code.
Show the most common type code across products.
Show the product type codes that have at least two products.
Show the product type codes that have both products with price higher than 4500 and products with price lower than 3000.
Show the names of products and the number of events they are in.
Show the names of products and the number of events they are in, sorted by the number of events in descending order.
Show the names of products that are in at least two events.
Show the names of products that are in at least two events in ascending alphabetical order of product name.
List the names of products that are not in any event.
How many artworks are there?
List the name of artworks in ascending alphabetical order.
List the name of artworks whose type is not "Program Talent Show".
What are the names and locations of festivals?
What are the names of the chairs of festivals, sorted in ascending order of the year held?
What is the location of the festival with the largest number of audience?
What are the names of festivals held in year 2007?
What is the average number of audience for festivals?
Show the names of the three most recent festivals.
For each nomination, show the name of the artwork and name of the festival where it is nominated.
Show distinct types of artworks that are nominated in festivals in 2007.
Show the names of artworks in ascending order of the year they are nominated in.
Show the names of festivals that have nominated artworks of type "Program Talent Show".
Show the ids and names of festivals that have at least two nominations for artworks.
Show the id, name of each festival and the number of artworks it has nominated.
Please show different types of artworks with the corresponding number of artworks of each type.
List the most common type of artworks.
List the year in which there are more than one festivals.
List the name of artworks that are not nominated.
Show the number of audience in year 2008 or 2010.
What are the total number of the audiences who visited any of the festivals?
In which year are there festivals both inside the 'United States' and outside the 'United States'?
How many premises are there?
What are all the distinct premise types?
Find the types and details for all premises and order by the premise type.
Show each premise type and the number of premises in that type.
Show all distinct product categories along with the number of mailshots in each category.
Show the name and phone of the customer without any mailshot.
Show the name and phone for customers with a mailshot with outcome code 'No Response'.
Show the outcome code of mailshots along with the number of mailshots in each outcome code.
Show the names of customers who have at least 2 mailshots with outcome code 'Order'.
Show the names of customers who have the most mailshots.
What are the name and payment method of customers who have both mailshots in 'Order' outcome and mailshots in 'No Response' outcome.
Show the premise type and address type code for all customer addresses.
What are the distinct address type codes for all customer addresses?
Show the shipping charge and customer id for customer orders with order status Cancelled or Paid.
Show the names of customers having an order with shipping method FedEx and order status Paid.
How many courses are there in total?
How many courses have more than 2 credits?
List all names of courses with 1 credit?
Which courses are taught on days MTW?
What is the number of departments in Division "AS"?
What are the phones of departments in Room 268?
Find the number of students that have at least one grade "B".
Find the max and min grade point for all letter grade.
Find the first names of students whose first names contain letter "a".
Find the first names and last names of male (sex is M) faculties who live in building NEB.
Find the rooms of faculties with rank professor who live in building NEB.
Find the department name that is in Building "Mergenthaler".
List all information about courses sorted by credits in the ascending order.
List the course name of courses sorted by credits.
Find the first name of students in the descending order of age.
Find the last name of female (sex is F) students in the descending order of age.
Find the last names of faculties in building Barton in alphabetic order.
Find the first names of faculties of rank Professor in alphabetic order.
Find the name of the department that has the biggest number of students minored in?
Find the name of the department that has no students minored in?
Find the name of the department that has the fewest members.
Find the rank of the faculty that the fewest faculties belong to.
What are the first and last names of the instructors who teach the top 3 number of courses?
Which building does the instructor who teaches the most number of courses live in?
What are the name of courses that have at least five enrollments?
Find the first name and last name of the instructor of course that has course name
Find the department name and room of the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE.
Find the student first and last names and grade points of all enrollments.
Find the distinct student first names of all students that have grade point at least 3.8 in one course.
Find the full names of faculties who are members of department with department number 520.
What are the first names and last names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140.
Find the last names of faculties who are members of computer science department.
Find the average grade point of student whose last name is Smith.
What is the maximum and minimum grade point of students who live in NYC?
Find the names of courses that have either 3 credits or 1 credit but 4 hours.
Find the names of departments that are either in division AS or in division EN and in Building NEB.
Find the first name of students not enrolled in any course.
What are the ids of the top three products that were purchased in the largest amount?
What are the product id and product type of the cheapest product?
Find the number of different product types.
Return the address of customer 10.
What are the staff ids and genders of all staffs whose job title is Department Manager?
For each payment method, return how many customers use it.
What is the id of the product that was ordered the most often?
What are the name, phone number and email address of the customer who made the largest number of orders?
What is the average price for each type of product?
How many department stores does the store chain South have?
What is the name and job title of the staff who was assigned the latest?
Give me the product type, name and price for all the products supplied by supplier id 3.
Return the distinct name of customers whose order status is Pending, in the order of customer id.
Find the name and address of the customers who have both New and Pending orders.
Return ids of all the products that are supplied by supplier id 2 and are more expensive than the average price of all products.
What is the id and name of the department store that has both marketing and managing department?
What are the ids of the two department store chains with the largest number of department stores?
What is the id of the department with the least number of staff?
For each product type, return the maximum and minimum price.
Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products.
Find the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the shortest period.
Return the names and ids of all products whose price is between 600 and 700.
Find the ids of all distinct customers who made order after some orders that were Cancelled.
What is id of the staff who had a Staff Department Assignment earlier than any Clerical Staff?
What are the names and ids of customers whose address contains TN?
Return the name and gender of the staff who was assigned in 2016.
List the name of staff who has been assigned multiple jobs.
List the name and phone number of all suppliers in the alphabetical order of their addresses.
What are the phone numbers of all customers and suppliers.
Return the ids of all products that were ordered more than three times or supplied more than 80000.
What are id and name of the products whose price is lower than 600 or higher than 900?
Find the id of suppliers whose average amount purchased for each product is above 50000 or below 30000.
What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the most products.
What is the largest and smallest customer codes?
List the names of all the distinct customers who bought a keyboard.
List the names and phone numbers of all the distinct suppliers who supply red jeans.
What are the highest and lowest prices of products, grouped by and alphabetically ordered by product type?
List the order id, customer id for orders in Cancelled status, ordered by their order dates.
Find the names of products that were bought by at least two distinct customers.
Find the names of customers who have bought by at least three distinct products.
Find the name and gender of the staff who has been assigned the job of Sales Person but never Clerical Staff.
Find the id and name of customers whose address contains WY state and do not use credit card for payment.
Find the average price of all product clothes.
Find the name of the most expensive hardware product.
How many aircrafts are there?
List the description of all aircrafts.
What is the average number of international passengers of all airports?
What are the number of international and domestic passengers of the airport named London "Heathrow"?
What are the total number of Domestic Passengers of airports that contain the word "London".
What are the maximum and minimum number of transit passengers of all aiports.
What are the name of pilots aged 25 or older?
List all pilot names in ascending alphabetical order.
List names of all pilot aged 30 or younger in descending alphabetical order.
Please show the names of aircrafts associated with airport with name "London Gatwick".
Please show the names and descriptions of aircrafts associated with airports that have a total number of passengers bigger than 10000000.
What is the average total number of passengers of airports that are associated with aircraft "Robinson R-22"?
Please list the location and the winning aircraft name.
List the name of the aircraft that has been named winning aircraft the most number of times.
List the names of aircrafts and the number of times it won matches.
List names of all pilot in descending order of age.
List the names of aircrafts and that won matches at least twice.
List the names of aircrafts and that did not win any match.
Show the names of aircrafts that are associated with both an airport named "London Heathrow" and an airport named "London Gatwick"
Show all information on the airport that has the largest number of international passengers.
find the name and age of the pilot who has won the most number of times among the pilots who are younger than 30.
what is the name and age of the youngest winning pilot?
find the name of pilots who did not win the matches held in the country of Australia.
How many residents does each property have? List property id and resident count.
What is the distinct service types that are provided by the organization which has detail 'Denesik and Sons Party'?
How many services has each resident requested? List the resident id, details, and the count in descending order of the count.
What is the maximum number that a certain service is provided? List the service id, details and number.
List the id and type of each thing, and the details of the organization that owns it.
What are the id and details of the customers who have at least 3 events?
What is each customer's move in date, and the corresponding customer id and details?
Which events have the number of notes between one and three? List the event id and the property id.
What are the distinct id and type of the thing that has the status 'Close' or has a status record before the date '2017-06-19 02:59:21'
How many distinct locations have the things with service detail 'Unsatisfied' been located in?
How many different status codes of things are there?
Which organizations are not a parent organization of others? List the organization id.
When is the last day any resident moved in?
What are the resident details containing the substring 'Miss'?
List the customer event id and the corresponding move in date and property id.
How many customers did not have any event?
What are the distinct move in dates of the residents?
List the locations of schools in ascending order of enrollment.
List the locations of schools in descending order of founded year.
What are the enrollments of schools whose denomination is not "Catholic"?
What is the average enrollment of schools?
What are the teams of the players, sorted in ascending alphabetical order?
Find the team of the player of the highest age.
List the teams of the players with the top 5 largest ages.
For each player, show the team and the location of school they belong to.
Show the locations of schools that have more than 1 player.
Show the denomination of the school that has the most players.
Show locations and nicknames of schools.
Please show different denominations and the corresponding number of schools.
Please show different denominations and the corresponding number of schools in descending order.
List the school color of the school that has the largest enrollment.
List the locations of schools that do not have any player.
Show the denomination shared by schools founded before 1890 and schools founded after 1900
Show the nicknames of schools that are not in division 1.
Show the denomination shared by more than one school.
Find all the distinct district names ordered by city area in descending.
Find the list of page size which have more than 3 product listed
Find the name and population of district with population between 200000 and 2000000
Find the name all districts with city area greater than 10 or population larger than 100000
Which district has the largest population?
Which district has the least area?
Find the total population of the top 3 districts with the largest area.
Find all types of store and number of them.
Find the names of all stores in Khanewal District.
Find all the stores in the district with the most population.
Which city is the headquarter of the store named "Blackville" in?
Find the number of stores in each city.
Find the city with the most number of stores.
What is the average pages per minute color?
What products are available at store named "Miramichi"?
Find products with max page size as "A4" and pages per minute color smaller than 5.
Find products with max page size as "A4" or pages per minute color smaller than 5.
Find all the product whose name contains the word "Scanner".
Find the most prominent max page size among all the products.
Find the name of the products that are not using the most frequently-used max page size.
Find the total population of the districts where the area is bigger than the average city area.
Find the names of districts where have both city mall and village store type stores.
What is the total enrollment number of all colleges?
What is the average enrollment number?
How many colleges in total?
How many players have more than 1000 hours of training?
How many colleges has more than 15000 students?
What is the average training hours of all players?
Find the name and training hours of players whose hours are below 1500.
How many different colleges do attend the tryout test?
What are the unique types of player positions in the tryout?
How many students got accepted after the tryout?
How many students whose are playing the role of goalie?
Find the max, average and min training hours of all players.
What is average enrollment of colleges in the state FL?
What are the names of players whose training hours is between 500 and 1500?
Find the players whose names contain letter 'a'.
Find the name, enrollment of the colleges whose size is bigger than 10000 and location is in state LA.
List all information about college sorted by enrollment number in the ascending order.
List the name of the colleges whose enrollment is greater 18000 sorted by the college's name.
Find the name of players whose card is yes in the descending order of training hours.
Find the name of different colleges involved in the tryout in alphabetical order.
Which position is most popular among players in the tryout?
Find the number of students who participate in the tryout for each college ordered by descending count.
What is minimum hours of the students playing in different position?
What are the names of schools with the top 3 largest size?
What is the name of school that has the smallest enrollment in each state?
Find the states where have some college students in tryout.
Find the states where have some college students in tryout and their decisions are yes.
Find the name and college of students whose decisions are yes in the tryout.
Find the name of all students who were in the tryout sorted in alphabetic order.
Find the name and hours of the students whose tryout decision is yes.
Find the states of the colleges that have students in the tryout who played in striker position.
Find the names of the students who are in the position of striker and got a yes tryout decision.
Find the state of the college which player Charles is attending.
Find the average and maximum hours for the students whose tryout decision is yes.
Find the average hours for the students whose tryout decision is no.
What is the maximum training hours for the students whose training hours is greater than 1000 in different positions?
Which colleges do the tryout players whose name starts with letter D go to?
Which college has any student who is a goalie and succeeded in the tryout.
Find the name of the tryout players who are from the college with largest size.
What is the state and enrollment of the colleges where have any students who got accepted in the tryout decision.
Find the names of either colleges in LA with greater than 15000 size or in state AZ with less than 13000 enrollment.
Find the names of schools that have some students playing in goalie and mid positions.
Find the names of states that have some college students playing in goalie and mid positions.
How many schools have some students playing in goalie and mid positions.
Find the names of schools that have some players in the mid position but not in the goalie position.
Find the names of states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not in the goalie position.
How many states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not in the goalie position.
Find the states where have the colleges whose enrollments are less than the largest size.
Find names of colleges with enrollment greater than that of some (at least one) college in the FL state.
Find names of all colleges whose enrollment is greater than that of all colleges in the FL state.
What is the total number of enrollment of schools that do not have any goalie player?
What is the number of states that has some college whose enrollment is larger than the average enrollment?
What is the number of states that has some colleges whose enrollment is smaller than the average enrollment?
How many devices are there?
List the carriers of devices in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the carriers of devices whose software platforms are not "Android"?
What are the names of shops in ascending order of open year?
What is the average quantity of stocks?
What are the names and location of the shops in ascending alphabetical order of name.
How many different software platforms are there for devices?
List the open date of open year of the shop named "Apple".
List the name of the shop with the latest open year.
Show names of shops and the carriers of devices they have in stock.
Show names of shops that have more than one kind of device in stock.
Show the name of the shop that has the most kind of devices in stock.
Show the name of the shop that have the largest quantity of devices in stock.
Please show different software platforms and the corresponding number of devices using each.
Please show the software platforms of devices in descending order of the count.
List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices.
List the names of shops that have no devices in stock.
Show the locations shared by shops with open year later than 2012 and shops with open year before 2008.
List the carriers of devices that have no devices in stock.
Show the carriers of devices in stock at more than one shop.
How many bookings do we have?
List the order dates of all the bookings.
Show all the planned delivery dates and actual delivery dates of bookings.
How many customers do we have?
What are the phone and email for customer Harold?
Show all the Store_Name of drama workshop groups.
Show the minimum, average, maximum order quantity of all invoices.
What are the distinct payment method codes in all the invoices?
What is the description of the marketing region China?
Show all the distinct product names with price higher than the average.
What is the name of the most expensive product?
What is the phone number of the performer Ashley?
Show all payment method codes and the number of orders for each code.
What is the payment method code used by the most orders?
Which city is the address of the store named "FJA Filming" located in?
What are the states or counties of the address of the stores with marketing region code "CA"?
What is the name of the marketing region that the store Rob Dinning belongs to?
What are the descriptions of the service types with product price above 100?
What is the description, code and the corresponding count of each service type?
What is the description and code of the type of service that is performed the most often?
What are the phones and emails of workshop groups in which services are performed?
What are the names of workshop groups in which services with product name "film" are performed?
What are the different product names? What is the average product price for each of them?
What are the product names with average product price smaller than 1000000?
What are the total order quantities of photo products?
What are the order details of the products with price higher than 2000?
What are the actual delivery dates of orders with quantity 1?
What are the order dates of orders with price higher than 1000?
How many distinct currency codes are there for all drama workshop groups?
What are the names of the drama workshop groups with address in Feliciaberg city?
What are the email addresses of the drama workshop groups with address in Alaska state?
Show all cities along with the number of drama workshop groups in each city.
What is the marketing region code that has the most drama workshop groups?
Show all cities where at least one customer lives in but no performer lives in.
What is the most frequent status of bookings?
What are the names of the workshop groups that have bookings with status code "stop"?
Show the names of all the clients with no booking.
What is the average quantities ordered with payment method code "MasterCard" on invoices?
What is the product ID of the most frequently ordered item on invoices?
What is the description of the service type which offers both the photo product and the film product?
How many bands are there?
What are all the labels?
Find all the albums in 2012.
Find all the stage positions of the musicians with first name "Solveig"
How many songs are there?
Find all the songs performed by artist with last name "Heilo"
Hom many musicians performed in the song "Flash"?
Find all the songs produced by artists with first name "Marianne".
Who performed the song named "Badlands"? Show the first name and the last name.
Who is performing in the back stage position for the song "Badlands"? Show the first name and the last name.
How many unique labels are there for albums?
What is the label that has the most albums?
What is the last name of the musician that have produced the most number of songs?
What is the last name of the musician that has been at the back position the most?
Find all the songs whose name contains the word "the".
What are all the instruments used?
What instrument did the musician with last name "Heilo" use in the song "Le Pop"?
What is the most used instrument?
How many songs have used the instrument "drums"?
What instruments does the the song "Le Pop" use?
How many instruments does the song "Le Pop" use?
How many instrument does the musician with last name "Heilo" use?
Find all the instruments ever used by the musician with last name "Heilo"?
Which song has the most vocals?
Which vocal type is the most frequently appearring type?
Which vocal type has the band mate with last name "Heilo" played the most?
What are the vocal types used in song "Le Pop"?
Find the number of vocal types used in song "Demon Kitty Rag"?
How many songs have a lead vocal?
Which vocal type did the musician with first name "Solveig" played in the song with title "A Bar in Amsterdam"?
Find all the songs that do not have a lead vocal.
Find all the vocal types.
What are the albums produced in year 2010?
Who performed the song named "Le Pop"?
What instrument did the musician with last name "Heilo" use in the song "Badlands"?
How many instruments does the song "Badlands" use?
What are the vocal types used in song "Badlands"?
Find the number of vocal types used in song "Le Pop"
How many songs have a shared vocal?
Find all the songs that do not have a back vocal.
Which vocal type has the band mate with first name "Solveig" played the most?
Which vocal type did the musician with last name "Heilo" played in the song with title "Der Kapitan"?
Find the first name of the band mate that has performed in most songs.
Which vocal type has the band mate with first name "Marianne" played the most?
Who is performing in the back stage position for the song "Der Kapitan"? Show the first name and last name.
What are the songs in album "A Kiss Before You Go: Live in Hamburg"?
What are all the songs in albums under label "Universal Music Group"?
Find the number of songs in all the studio albums.
Who is the founder of Sony?
Where is the headquarter of the company founded by James?
Find all manufacturers' names and their headquarters, sorted by the ones with highest revenue first.
What are the average, maximum and total revenues of all companies?
How many companies were created by Andy?
Find the total revenue created by the companies whose headquarter is located at Austin.
What are the different cities listed?
Find the number of manufactures that are based in Tokyo or Beijing.
Find the founder of the company whose name begins with the letter 'S'.
Find the name of companies whose revenue is between 100 and 150.
What is the total revenue of all companies whose main office is at Tokyo or Taiwan?
Find the name of product that is produced by both companies Creative Labs and Sony.
Find the name, headquarter and founder of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue.
Find the name, headquarter and revenue of all manufacturers sorted by their revenue in the descending order.
Find the name of companies whose revenue is greater than the average revenue of all companies.
Find the name of companies whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin.
Find the total revenue of companies whose revenue is larger than the revenue of some companies based in Austin.
Find the total revenue of companies of each founder.
Find the name and revenue of the company that earns the highest revenue in each city.
Find the total revenue for each manufacturer.
Find the average prices of all products from each manufacture, and list each company's name.
Find the number of different products that are produced by companies at different headquarter cities.
Find number of products which Sony does not make.
Find the name of companies that do not make DVD drive.
Find the number of products for each manufacturer, showing the name of each company.
Select the names of all the products in the store.
Select the names and the prices of all the products in the store.
Select the name of the products with a price less than or equal to $200.
Find all information of all the products with a price between $60 and $120.
Compute the average price of all the products.
Compute the average price of all products with manufacturer code equal to 2.
Compute the number of products with a price larger than or equal to $180.
Select the name and price of all products with a price larger than or equal to $180, and sort first by price (in descending order), and then by name  (in ascending order).
Select all the data from the products and each product's manufacturer.
Select the average price of each manufacturer's products, showing only the manufacturer's code.
Select the average price of each manufacturer's products, showing the manufacturer's name.
Select the names of manufacturer whose products have an average price higher than or equal to $150.
Select the name and price of the cheapest product.
Select the name of each manufacturer along with the name and price of its most expensive product.
Select the code of the product that is cheapest in each product category.
What is the id of the problem log that is created most recently?
What is the oldest log id and its corresponding problem id?
Find all the ids and dates of the logs for the problem whose id is 10.
List all the log ids and their descriptions from the problem logs.
List the first and last names of all distinct staff members who are assigned to the problem whose id is 1.
List the problem id and log id which are assigned to the staff named Rylan Homenick.
How many problems are there for product voluptatem?
How many problems does the product with the most problems have? List the number of the problems and product name.
Give me a list of descriptions of the problems that are reported by the staff whose first name is Christop.
Find the ids of the problems that are reported by the staff whose last name is Bosco.
What are the ids of the problems which are reported after 1978-06-26?
What are the ids of the problems which are reported before 1978-06-26?
For each product which has problems, what are the number of problems and the product id?
For each product that has problems, find the number of problems reported after 1986-11-13 and the product id?
List the names of all the distinct product names in alphabetical order?
List all the distinct product names ordered by product id?
What are the id of problems reported by the staff named Dameon Frami or Jolie Weber?
What are the product ids for the problems reported by Christop Berge with closure authorised by Ashley Medhurst?
What are the ids of the problems reported before the date of any problem reported by Lysanne Turcotte?
What are the ids of the problems reported after the date of any problems reported by Rylan Homenick?
Find the top 3 products which have the largest number of problems?
List the ids of the problems from the product "voluptatem" that are reported after 1995?
Find the first and last name of the staff members who reported problems from the product "rem" but not "aut"?
Find the products which have problems reported by both Lacey Bosco and Kenton Champlin?
How many branches where have more than average number of memberships are there?
Show name, address road, and city for all branches sorted by open year.
What are names for top three branches with most number of membership?
Show all distinct city where branches with at least 100 memberships are located.
List all open years when at least two shops are opened.
Show minimum and maximum amount of memberships for all branches opened in 2011 or located at city London.
Show the city and the number of branches opened before 2010 for each city.
How many different levels do members have?
Show card number, name, and hometown for all members in a descending order of level.
Show the membership level with most number of members.
Show all member names and registered branch names sorted by register year.
Show all branch names with the number of members in each branch registered after 2015.
Show member names without any registered branch.
List the branch name and city without any registered members.
What is the name and open year for the branch with most number of memberships registered in 2016?
Show the member name and hometown who registered a branch in 2016.
Show all city with a branch opened in 2001 and a branch with more than 100 membership.
Show all cities without a branch having more than 100 memberships.
What is the sum of total pounds of purchase in year 2018 for all branches in London?
What is the total number of purchases for members with level 6?
Find the name of branches where have some members whose hometown is in Louisville, Kentucky and some in Hiram, Georgia.
list the card number of all members whose hometown address includes word "Kentucky".
Find the number of students in total.
Find the number of voting records in total.
Find the distinct number of president votes.
Find the maximum age of all the students.
Find the last names of students with major 50.
Find the first names of students with age above 22.
What are the majors of male (sex is M) students?
What is the average age of female (sex is F) students?
What are the maximum and minimum age of students with major 600?
Who are the advisors for students that live in a city with city code "BAL"?
What are the distinct secretary votes in the fall election cycle?
What are the distinct president votes on 08/30/2015?
Report the distinct registration date and the election cycle.
Report the distinct president vote and the vice president vote.
Find the distinct last names of the students who have class president votes.
Find the distinct first names of the students who have class senator votes.
Find the distinct ages of students who have secretary votes in the fall election cycle.
Find the distinct Advisor of students who have treasurer votes in the spring election cycle.
Find the distinct majors of students who have treasurer votes.
Find the first and last names of all the female (sex is F) students who have president votes.
Find the first and last name of all the students of age 18 who have vice president votes.
How many male (sex is M) students have class senator votes in the fall election cycle?
Find the number of students whose city code is NYC and who have class senator votes in the spring election cycle.
Find the average age of students who live in the city with code "NYC" and have secretary votes in the spring election cycle.
Find the average age of female (sex is F) students who have secretary votes in the spring election cycle.
Find the distinct first names of all the students who have vice president votes and whose city code is not PIT.
Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is not 2192.
Find the distinct last names of all the students who have president votes and whose advisor is 8741.
For each advisor, report the total number of students advised by him or her.
Report all advisors that advise more than 2 students.
Report all majors that have less than 3 students.
For each election cycle, report the number of voting records.
Which major has the most students?
What is the most common major among female (sex is F) students?
What is the city_code of the city that the most students live in?
How many products are there?
How many colors are there?
How many characteristics are there?
What are the names and buying prices of all the products?
List the description of all the colors.
Find the names of all the product characteristics.
What are the names of products with category "Spices"?
List the names, color descriptions and product descriptions of products with category "Herbs".
How many products are there under the category "Seeds"?
Find the number of products with category "Spices" and typically sold above 1000.
What is the category and typical buying price  of the product with name "cumin"?
Which category does the product named "flax" belong to?
What is the name of the product with the color description 'yellow'?
Find the category descriptions of the products whose descriptions include letter 't'.
What is the color description of the product with name "catnip"?
What is the color code and description of the product named "chervil"?
Find the id and color description of the products with at least 2 characteristics.
List all the product names with the color description "white".
What are the name and typical buying and selling prices of the products that have color described as "yellow"?
How many characteristics does the product named "sesame" have?
How many distinct characteristic names does the product "cumin" have?
What are all the characteristic names of product "sesame"?
List all the characteristic names and data types of product "cumin".
List all characteristics of product named "sesame" with type code "Grade".
How many characteristics does the product named "laurel" have?
Find the number of characteristics that the product "flax" has.
Find the name of the products that have the color description "red" and have the characteristic name "fast".
How many products have the characteristic named "hot"?
List the all the distinct names of the products with the characteristic name 'warm'.
Find the number of the products that have their color described as "red" and have a characteristic named "slow".
Count the products that have the color description "white" or have the characteristic name "hot".
What is the unit of measuerment of the product category code "Herbs"?
Find the product category description of the product category with code "Spices".
What is the product category description and unit of measurement of category "Herbs"?
What is the unit of measurement of product named "cumin"?
Find the unit of measurement and product category code of product named "chervil".
Find the product names that are colored 'white' but do not have unit of measurement "Handful".
What is the description of the color for most products?
What is the description of the color used by least products?
What is the characteristic name used by most number of the products?
What are the names, details and data types of the characteristics which are never used by any product?
What are characteristic names used at least twice across all products?
How many colors are never used by any product?
How many events are there?
List all the event names by year from the most recent to the oldest.
What is the name of the event that happened in the most recent year?
How many stadiums are there?
Find the name of the stadium that has the maximum capacity.
Find the names of stadiums whose capacity is smaller than the average capacity.
Find the country that has the most stadiums.
Which country has at most 3 stadiums listed?
Which country has both stadiums with capacity greater than 60000 and stadiums with capacity less than 50000?
How many cities have a stadium that was opened before the year of 2006?
How many stadiums does each country have?
Which countries do not have a stadium that was opened after 2006?
How many stadiums are not in country "Russia"?
Find the names of all swimmers, sorted by their 100 meter scores in ascending order.
How many different countries are all the swimmers from?
List countries that have more than one swimmer.
Find all 200 meter and 300 meter results of swimmers with nationality "Australia".
Find the names of swimmers who has a result of "win".
What is the name of the stadium which held the most events?
Find the name and capacity of the stadium where the event named "World Junior" happened.
Find the names of stadiums which have never had any event.
Find the name of the swimmer who has the most records.
Find the name of the swimmer who has at least 2 records.
Find the name and nationality of the swimmer who has won (i.e., has a result of "win") more than 1 time.
Find the names of the swimmers who have no record.
Find the names of the swimmers who have both "win" and "loss" results in the record.
Find the names of stadiums that some Australian swimmers have been to.
Find the names of stadiums that the most swimmers have been to.
Find all details for each swimmer.
What is the average capacity of the stadiums that were opened in year 2005?
How many railways are there?
List the builders of railways in ascending alphabetical order.
List the wheels and locations of the railways.
What is the maximum level of managers in countries that are not "Australia"?
What is the average age for all managers?
What are the names of managers in ascending order of level?
What are the names and arrival times of trains?
What is the name of the oldest manager?
Show the names of trains and locations of railways they are in.
Show the builder of railways associated with the trains named "Andaman Exp".
Show id and location of railways that are associated with more than one train.
Show the id and builder of the railway that are associated with the most trains.
Show different builders of railways, along with the corresponding number of railways using each builder.
Show the most common builder of railways.
Show different locations of railways along with the corresponding number of railways at each location.
Show the locations that have more than one railways.
List the object number of railways that do not have any trains.
Show the countries that have both managers of age above 50 and managers of age below 46.
Show the distinct countries of managers.
Show the working years of managers in descending order of their level.
Show the countries that have managers of age above 50 or below 46.
How many addresses are there in country USA?
Show all distinct cities in the address record.
Show each state and the number of addresses in each state.
Show names and phones of customers who do not have address information.
Show the name of the customer who has the most orders.
Show the product type codes which have at least two products.
Show the names of customers who have both an order in completed status and an order in part status.
Show the name, phone, and payment method code for all customers in descending order of customer number.
Show the product name and total order quantity for each product.
Show the minimum, maximum, average price for all products.
How many products have a price higher than the average?
Show the customer name, customer address city, date from, and date to for each customer address history.
Show the names of customers who use Credit Card payment method and have more than 2 orders.
What are the name and phone of the customer with the most ordered product quantity?
Show the product type and name for the products with price higher than 1000 or lower than 500.
Find the name of dorms only for female (F gender).
Find the name of dorms that can accommodate more than 300 students.
How many female students (sex is F) whose age is below 25?
Find the first name of students who is older than 20.
Find the first name of students living in city PHL whose age is between 20 and 25.
How many dorms are there?
Find the number of distinct amenities.
Find the total capacity of all dorms.
Find the average age of all students living in the each city.
Find the average and total capacity of dorms for the students with gender X.
Find the number of dorms that have some amenity.
Find the name of dorms that do not have any amenity
Find the number of distinct gender for dorms.
Find the capacity and gender type of the dorm whose name has substring ‘Donor’.
Find the name and gender type of the dorms whose capacity is greater than 300 or less than 100.
Find the numbers of different majors and cities.
Find the name of dorms which have both TV Lounge and Study Room as amenities.
Find the name of dorms which have TV Lounge but no Study Room as amenity.
Find the last name of students who is either female (sex is F) and living in the city of code BAL or male (sex is M) and in age of below 20.
Find the name of the dorm with the largest capacity.
List in alphabetic order all different amenities.
Find the code of city where most of students are living in.
Find the first and last name of students whose age is younger than the average age.
List the first and last name of students who are not living in the city with code HKG, and sorted the results by their ages.
List name of all amenities which Anonymous Donor Hall has, and sort the results in alphabetic order.
Find the number of dorms and total capacity for each gender.
Find the average and oldest age for students with different sex.
Find the number of students in each major.
Find the number and average age of students living in each city.
Find the average age and number of male students (with sex M) from each city.
Find the number of students for the cities where have more than one student.
Find the first and last name of students who are not in the largest major.
Find the number of students whose age is older than the average age for each gender.
Find the average age of students living in each dorm and the name of dorm.
Find the number of amenities for each of the dorms that can accommodate more than 100 students.
Find the number of students who is older than 20 in each dorm.
Find the first name of students who are living in the Smith Hall.
Find the average age of students who are living in the dorm with the largest capacity.
Find the total number of students living in the male dorm (with gender M).
Find the number of female students (with F sex) living in Smith Hall
Find the name of amenities Smith Hall dorm have.
Find the name of amenities Smith Hall dorm have. ordered the results by amenity names.
Find the name of amenity that is most common in all dorms.
Find the first name of students who are living in the dorm that has most number of amenities.
Find the name and capacity of the dorm with least number of amenities.
Find the name of dorms that do not have amenity TV Lounge.
Find the first and last name of students who are living in the dorms that have amenity TV Lounge.
Find the first name and age of students who are living in the dorms that do not have amenity TV Lounge.
Find the name of amenities of the dorm where the student with last name Smith is living in.
Find the emails and phone numbers of all the customers, ordered by email address and phone number.
Which city has the least number of customers whose type code is "Good Credit Rating"?
List the name of all products along with the number of complaints that they have received.
Find the emails of customers who has filed a complaints of the product with the most complaints.
Which products has been complained by the customer who has filed least amount of complaints?
What is the phone number of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint?
Find the email and phone number of the customers who have never filed a complaint before.
Find the phone number of all the customers and staff.
What is the description of the product named "Chocolate"?
Find the name and category of the most expensive product.
Find the prices of products which has never received a single complaint.
What is the average price of the products for each category?
Find the last name of the staff member who processed the complaint of the cheapest product.
Which complaint status has more than 3 records on file?
Find the last name of the staff whose email address contains "wrau".
How many customers are there in the customer type with the most customers?
What is the last name of the staff who has handled the first ever complaint?
How many distinct complaint type codes are there in the database?
Find the address line 1 and 2 of the customer with email "vbogisich@example.org".
Find the number of complaints with Product Failure type for each complaint status.
What is first names of the top 5 staff who have handled the greatest number of complaints?
Which state has the most customers?
How many submissions are there?
List the authors of submissions in ascending order of scores.
What are the authors of submissions and their colleges?
Show the names of authors from college "Florida" or "Temple"
What is the average score of submissions?
What is the author of the submission with the highest score?
Show different colleges along with the number of authors of submission from each college.
Show the most common college of authors of submissions.
Show the colleges that have both authors with submission score larger than 90 and authors with submission score smaller than 80.
Show the authors of submissions and the acceptance results of their submissions.
Show the result of the submission with the highest score.
Show each author and the number of workshops they submitted to.
Show the authors who have submissions to more than one workshop.
Show the date and venue of each workshop in ascending alphabetical order of the venue.
List the authors who do not have submission to any workshop.
Find the number of investors in total.
Show all investor details.
Show all distinct lot details.
Show the maximum amount of transaction.
Show all date and share count of transactions.
What is the total share of transactions?
Show all transaction ids with transaction code 'PUR'.
Show all dates of transactions whose type code is "SALE".
Show the average amount of transactions with type code "SALE".
Show the description of transaction type with code "PUR".
Show the minimum amount of transactions whose type code is "PUR" and whose share count is bigger than 50.
Show the maximum share count of transactions where the amount is smaller than 10000
Show the dates of transactions if the share count is bigger than 100 or the amount is bigger than 1000.
Show the transaction type descriptions and dates if the share count is smaller than 10.
Show details of all investors if they make any transaction with share count greater than 100.
How many distinct transaction types are used in the transactions?
Return the lot details and investor ids.
Return the lot details of lots that belong to investors with details "l"?
What are the purchase details of transactions with amount bigger than 10000?
What are the sale details and dates of transactions with amount smaller than 3000?
What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions with share count smaller than 50?
What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is "PUR"?
Show the average transaction amount for different transaction types.
Show the maximum and minimum share count of different transaction types.
Show the average share count of transactions for different investors.
Show the average share count of transactions each each investor, ordered by average share count.
Show the average amount of transactions for different investors.
Show the average amount of transactions for different lots.
Show the average amount of transactions for different lots, ordered by average amount of transactions.
Show the number of transactions with transaction type code "SALE" for different investors if it is larger than 0.
Show the number of transactions for different investors.
Show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times.
Show the transaction type code that occurs the most frequently.
Show the description of the transaction type that occurs most frequently.
Show the id and details of the investor that has the largest number of transactions.
Show the id and details for the investors who have the top 3 number of transactions.
Show the ids of the investors who have at least two transactions.
Show the ids and details of the investors who have at least two transactions with type code "SALE".
What are the dates of transactions with at least 100 share count or amount bigger than 100?
What are the details of all sales and purchases?
What are the details of the lots which are not used in any transactions?
How many available hotels are there in total?
What are the price ranges of hotels?
Show all distinct location names.
Show the names and details of all the staff members.
Show details of all visitors.
Show the price ranges of hotels with 5 star ratings.
Show the average price range of hotels that have 5 star ratings and allow pets.
What is the address of the location "UK Gallery"?
What is the detail of the location UK Gallery?
Which location names contain the word "film"?
How many distinct names are associated with all the photos?
What are the distinct visit dates?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus?
What are the names and opening hours of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus or walk?
What are the star rating descriptions of the hotels with price above 10000?
What are the details and opening hours of the museums?
What is the name of the tourist attraction that is associated with the photo "game1"?
What are the names and descriptions of the photos taken at the tourist attraction "film festival"?
What are the details and ways to get to tourist attractions related to royal family?
What are the details of the shops that can be accessed by walk?
What is the name of the staff that is in charge of the attraction named "US museum"?
What are the details of the markets that can be accessed by walk or bus?
What are the visit date and details of the visitor whose detail is 'Vincent'?
Which tourist attractions does the visitor with detail 'Vincent' visit?
What are the names of the tourist attractions and the dates when the tourists named Vincent or Vivian visited there?
Show the average price of hotels for each star rating code.
Show the average price of hotels for different pet policy.
Show the id and star rating of each hotel, ordered by its price from low to high.
Show the details of the top 3 most expensive hotels.
Show the details and star ratings of the 3 least expensive hotels.
Show the transportation method most people choose to get to tourist attractions.
Show the description and code of the attraction type most tourist attractions belong to.
Show different ways to get to attractions and the number of attractions that can be accessed in the corresponding way.
Show different tourist attractions' names, ids, and the corresponding number of visits.
Show the names and ids of tourist attractions that are visited at least two times.
Show the names and ids of tourist attractions that are visited at most once.
What are the names of tourist attractions that can be reached by walk or is at address 660 Shea Crescent?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that have parking or shopping as their feature details?
What are the names of tourist attractions that can be reached by bus or is at address 254 Ottilie Junction?
What are the names of the tourist attractions Vincent and Marcelle visit?
What are the names of tourist attraction that Alison visited but Rosalind did not visit?
How many tourists did not make any visit?
How many video games exist?
How many video game types exist?
Show all video game types.
Show all video games and their types in the order of their names.
Show all video games with type Collectible card game.
What is the type of video game Call of Destiny.
How many video games have type Massively multiplayer online game?
Show all video game types and the number of video games in each type.
Which game type has most number of games?
Which game type has least number of games?
Show ids for all students who live in CHI.
Show ids for all students who have advisor 1121.
Show first name for all students with major 600.
Show the average, minimum, and maximum age for different majors.
Show all advisors who have at least two students.
How many sports do we have?
How many students play sports?
List ids for all student who are on scholarship.
Show last names for all student who are on scholarship.
How many games are played for all students?
How many games are played for all football games by students on scholarship?
Show all sport name and the number of students.
Show all student IDs with the number of sports and total number of games played
Show all student IDs with more than total 10 hours per week on all sports played.
What is the first name and last name of the student who have most number of sports?
Which sport has most number of students on scholarship?
Show student ids who don't have any sports.
Show student ids who are on scholarship and have major 600.
Show student ids who are female and play football.
Show all male student ids who don't play football.
Show total hours per week and number of games played for student David Shieber.
Show total hours per week and number of games played for students under 20.
How many students play video games?
Show ids of students who don't play video game.
Show ids of students who play video game and play sports.
Show all game ids and the number of hours played.
Show all student ids and the number of hours played.
Show the game name that has most number of hours played.
Show all game names played by at least 1000 hours.
Show all game names played by Linda Smith
Find the last and first name of students who are playing Football or Lacrosse.
Find the first name and age of the students who are playing both Football and Lacrosse.
Find the last name and gender of the students who are playing both Call of Destiny and Works of Widenius games.
Find the name of all customers.
What is the average amount of items ordered in each order?
What are the names of customers who use payment method "Cash"?
Find the "date became customers" of the customers whose ID is between 10 and 20.
Which payment method is used by most customers?
What are the names of customers using the most popular payment method?
What are all the payment methods?
What are the details of all products?
Find the name of all customers whose name contains "Alex".
Find the detail of products whose detail contains the word "Latte" or the word "Americano"
What is the address content of the customer named "Maudie Kertzmann"?
How many customers are living in city "Lake Geovannyton"?
Find the name of customers who are living in Colorado?
Find the list of cities that no customer is living in.
Which city has the most customers living in?
Find the city with post code 255.
Find the state and country of all cities with post code starting with 4.
List the countries having more than 4 addresses listed.
List all the contact channel codes that were used less than 5 times.
Which contact channel has been used by the customer with name "Tillman Ernser"?
What is the "active to date" of the latest contact channel used by "Tillman Ernser"?
What is the average time span of contact channels in the database?
What is the channel code and contact number of the customer contact channel that was active for the longest time?
Find the name and active date of the customer that use email as the contact channel.
What is the name of the customer that made the order with the largest quantity?
What is the name of the customer that has purchased the most items?
What is the payment method of the customer that has purchased the least quantity of items?
How many types of products have Rodrick Heaney bought in total?
What is the total quantity of products purchased by "Rodrick Heaney"?
How many customers have at least one order with status "Cancelled"?
How many orders have detail "Second time"?
Find the customer name and date of the orders that have the status "Delivered".
What is the total number of products that are in orders with status "Cancelled"?
Find the total amount of products ordered before 2018-03-17 07:13:53.
Who made the latest order?
Which product has been ordered most number of times?
Find the name and ID of the product whose total order quantity is the largest.
Find all the addresses in East Julianaside, Texas or in Gleasonmouth, Arizona.
Find the name of customers who did not pay with Cash.
Find the names of customers who never ordered product Latte.
Find the names of customers who never placed an order.
Find the names of customers who ordered both products Latte and Americano.
List the age of all music artists.
What is the average age of all artists?
What are the famous titles of the artist "Triumfall"?
What are the distinct Famous release dates?
Return the dates of ceremony and the results of all music festivals
What are the category of music festivals with result "Awarded"?
What are the maximum and minimum week on top of all volumes?
What are the songs in volumes with more than 1 week on top?
Please list all songs in volumes in ascending alphabetical order.
How many distinct artists do the volumes associate to?
Please show the date of ceremony of the volumes that last more than 2 weeks on top.
Please show the songs that have result "nominated" at music festivals.
What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist "Gorgoroth"?
What are the songs in volumes associated with the artist aged 32 or older?
What is the average weeks on top of volumes associated with the artist aged 25 or younger?
What are the famous title of the artists associated with volumes with more than 2 weeks on top?
Please list the age and famous title of artists in descending order of age.
What is the famous release date of the artist with the oldest age?
Please show the categories of the music festivals and the count.
What is the most common result of the music festival?
Please show the categories of the music festivals with count more than 1.
What is the song in the volume with the maximum weeks on top?
Find the famous titles of artists that do not have any volume.
Show the famous titles of the artists with both volumes that lasted more than 2 weeks on top and volumes that lasted less than 2 weeks on top.
What are the date of ceremony of music festivals with category "Best Song" and result "Awarded"?
What is the issue date of the volume with the minimum weeks on top?
Please show the results of music festivals and the number of music festivals that have had each, ordered by this count.
What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist aged 23 or younger?
How many roller coasters are there?
List the names of roller coasters by ascending order of length.
What are the lengths and heights of roller coasters?
List the names of countries whose language is not "German".
Show the statuses of roller coasters longer than 3300 or higher than 100.
What are the speeds of the longest roller coaster?
What is the average speed of roller coasters?
Show the different statuses and the numbers of roller coasters for each status.
Please show the most common status of roller coasters.
List the status shared by more than two roller coaster.
Show the park of the roller coaster with the highest speed.
Show the names of roller coasters and names of country they are in.
Show the names of countries that have more than one roller coaster.
Show the name and population of the country that has the highest roller coaster.
Show the names of countries and the average speed of roller coasters from each country.
How many countries do not have an roller coaster longer than 3000?
What are the country names, area and population which has both roller coasters with speed higher
How many different captain ranks are there?
How many captains are in each rank?
How many captains with younger than 50 are in each rank?
Sort all captain names by their ages from old to young.
Find the name, class and rank of all captains.
Which rank is the most common among captains?
Which classes have more than two captains?
Find the name of captains whose rank are either Midshipman or Lieutenant.
What are the average and minimum age of captains in different class?
Find the captain rank that has some captains in both Cutter and Armed schooner classes.
Find the captain rank that has no captain in Third-rate ship of the line class.
What is the name of the youngest captain?
Find the name, type, and flag of the ship that is built in the most recent year.
Group by ships by flag, and return number of ships that have each flag.
Which flag is most widely used among all ships?
List all ship names in the order of built year and class.
Find the ship type that are used by both ships with Panama and Malta flags.
In which year were most of ships built?
Find the name of the ships that have more than one captain.
what are the names and classes of the ships that do not have any captain yet?
Find the name of the ship that is steered by the youngest captain.
Find the name and flag of ships that are not steered by any captain with Midshipman rank.
Find the name of the ships that are steered by both a captain with Midshipman rank and a captain with Lieutenant rank.
What is id of the city that hosted events in the most recent year?
Find the match ids of the cities that hosted competition "1994 FIFA World Cup qualification"?
Find the cities which were once a host city after 2010?
Which city has hosted the most events?
What is the venue of the competition "1994 FIFA World Cup qualification" hosted by "Nanjing ( Jiangsu )"?
Give me the temperature of Shanghai in January.
What is the host year of city "Taizhou ( Zhejiang )"?
Which three cities have the largest regional population?
Which city has the lowest GDP? Please list the city name and its GDP.
Which city has the highest temperature in February?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in March is lower than that in July or higher than that in Oct?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in July and which have also served as host cities?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in Dec and which have never been host cities.
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Feb is higher than that in Jun or cities that were once host cities?
Please give me a list of cities whose regional population is over 10000000.
Please give me a list of cities whose regional population is over 8000000 or under 5000000.
Find the number of matches in different competitions.
List venues of all matches in the order of their dates starting from the most recent one.
what is the GDP of the city with the largest population.
What are the GDP and population of the city that already served as a host more than once?
List every individual's first name, middle name and last name in alphabetical order by last name.
List all the types of forms.
Find the name of the most popular party form.
Find the payment method and phone of the party with email "enrico09@example.com".
Find the emails of parties with the most popular party form.
List all the name of organizations in order of the date formed.
Find the name of the youngest organization.
Find the last name of the latest contact individual of the organization "Labour Party".
Find the last name of the first ever contact person of the organization with the highest UK Vat number.
Find name of the services that has never been used.
Find the name of all the cities and states.
How many cities are there in state "Colorado"?
Find the payment method code used by more than 3 parties.
Find the name of organizations whose names contain "Party".
How many distinct payment methods are used by parties?
Which is the email of the party that has used the services the most number of times?
Which state can address "6862 Kaitlyn Knolls" possibly be in?
What is the name of organization that has the greatest number of contact individuals?
Find the last name of the individuals that have been contact individuals of an organization.
How many drivers are there?
Show the name, home city, and age for all drivers.
Show the party and the number of drivers in each party.
Show the name of drivers in descending order of age.
Show all different home cities.
Show the home city with the most number of drivers.
Show the party with drivers from Hartford and drivers older than 40.
Show home city where at least two drivers older than 40 are from.
Show all home cities except for those having a driver older than 40.
Show the names of the drivers without a school bus.
Show the types of schools that have two schools.
Show the school name and driver name for all school buses.
What is the maximum, minimum and average years spent working on a school bus?
Show the school name and type for schools without a school bus.
Show the type of school and the number of buses for each type.
How many drivers are from Hartford city or younger than 40?
List names for drivers from Hartford city and younger than 40.
find the name of driver who is driving the school bus with the longest working history.
How many flights have a velocity larger than 200?
List the vehicle flight number, date and pilot of all the flights, ordered by altitude.
List the id, country, city and name of the airports ordered alphabetically by the name.
What is maximum group equity shareholding of the companies?
What is the velocity of the pilot named 'Thompson'?
What are the names and types of the companies that have ever operated a flight?
What are the names of the airports which are not in the country 'Iceland'?
What are the distinct types of the companies that have operated any flights with velocity less than 200?
What are the ids and names of the companies that operated more than one flight?
What is the id, name and IATA code of the airport that had most number of flights?
What are the different pilot names who had piloted a flight in the country 'United States' or in the airport named 'Billund Airport'?
What is the most common company type, and how many are there?
How many airports haven't the pilot 'Thompson' driven an aircraft?
List the name of the pilots who have flied for both a company that mainly provide 'Cargo' services and a company that runs 'Catering services' activities.
Which of the airport names contains the word 'international'?
How many companies operates airlines in each airport?
how many airports are there in each country?
which countries have more than 2 airports?
which pilot is in charge of the most number of flights?
Show all account ids and account details.
How many statements do we have?
List all statement ids and statement details.
Show statement id, statement detail, account detail for accounts.
Show all statement id and the number of accounts for each statement.
Show the statement id and the statement detail for the statement with most number of accounts.
Show the number of documents.
List the document type code, document name, and document description for the document with name 'Noel CV' or name 'King Book'.
Show the ids and names of all documents.
Find names and ids of all documents with document type code BK.
How many documents are with document type code BK for each product id?
Show the document name and the document date for all documents on project with details 'Graph Database project'.
Show project ids and the number of documents in each project.
What is the id of the project with least number of documents?
Show the ids for projects with at least 2 documents.
List document type codes and the number of documents in each code.
What is the document type code with most number of documents?
Show the document type code with fewer than 3 documents.
Show the statement detail and the corresponding document name for the statement with detail 'Private Project'.
Show all document type codes, document type names, document type descriptions.
What is the document type description for document type named Film?
What is the document type name and the document type description and creation date for all the documents?
Show the number of projects.
List ids and details for all projects.
What is the project id and detail for the project with at least two documents?
What is the project detail for the project with document "King Book"?
How many budget types do we have?
List all budget type codes and descriptions.
What is the description for the budget type with code ORG?
How many documents have expenses?
What are the document ids for the budget type code 'SF'?
Show the budget type code and description and the corresponding document id.
Show ids for all documents with budget types described as 'Government'.
Show budget type codes and the number of documents in each budget type.
What is the budget type code with most number of documents.
What are the ids of documents which don't have expense budgets?
Show ids for all documents in type CV without expense budgets.
What are the ids of documents with letter 's' in the name with any expense budgets.
How many documents do not have any expense?
What are the dates for the documents with both 'GV' type and 'SF' type expenses?
What are the account details with the largest value or with value having char '5' in it?
Find the total number of scientists.
Find the total hours of all projects.
How many different scientists are assigned to any project?
Find the number of distinct projects.
Find the average hours of all projects.
Find the name of project that continues for the longest time.
List the name of all projects that are operated longer than the average working hours of all projects.
Find the name and hours of project that has the most number of scientists.
Find the name of the project for which a scientist whose name contains ‘Smith’ is assigned to.
Find the total hours of the projects that scientists named Michael Rogers or Carol Smith are assigned to.
Find the name of projects that require between 100 and 300 hours of work.
Find the name of the scientist who worked on both a project named 'Matter of Time' and a project named 'A Puzzling Parallax'.
List the names of all scientists sorted in alphabetical order.
Find the number of scientists involved for each project name.
Find the number of scientists involved for the projects that require more than 300 hours.
Find the number of projects which each scientist is working on and scientist's name.
Find the SSN and name of scientists who are assigned to the project with the longest hours.
Find the name of scientists who are assigned to some project.
Select the project names which are not assigned yet.
Find the name of scientists who are not assigned to any project.
Find the number of scientists who are not assigned to any project.
Find the names of scientists who are not working on the project with the highest hours.
List all the scientists' names, their projects' names, and the hours worked by that scientist on each project, in alphabetical order of project name, and then scientist name.
Find name of the project that needs the least amount of time to finish and the name of scientists who worked on it.
What is the name of the highest rated wine?
Which winery is the wine that has the highest score from?
Find the names of all wines produced in 2008.
List the grapes and appelations of all wines.
List the names and scores of all wines.
List the area and county of all appelations.
What are the prices of wines produced before the year of 2010?
List the names of all distinct wines that have scores higher than 90.
List the names of all distinct wines that are made of red color grape.
Find the names of all distinct wines that have appellations in North Coast area.
How many wines are produced at Robert Biale winery?
How many appelations are in Napa Country?
Give me the average prices of wines that are produced by appelations in Sonoma County.
What are the names and scores of wines that are made of white color grapes?
Find the maximum price of wins from the appelations in Central Coast area and produced before the year of 2005.
Find the the grape whose white color grapes are used to produce wines with scores higher than 90.
What are the wines that have prices higher than 50 and made of Red color grapes?
What are the wines that have prices lower than 50 and have appelations in Monterey county?
What are the numbers of wines for different grapes?
What are the average prices of wines for different years?
Find the distinct names of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery.
List the names of all distinct wines in alphabetical order.
List the names of all distinct wines ordered by price.
What is the area of the appelation that produces the highest number of wines before the year of 2010?
What is the color of the grape whose wine products has the highest average price?
Find the distinct names of wines produced before the year of 2000 or after the year of 2010.
Find the distinct winery of wines having price between 50 and 100.
What are the average prices and cases of wines produced in the year of 2009 and made of Zinfandel grape?
What are the maximum price and score of wines produced by St. Helena appelation?
What are the maximum price and score of wines in each year?
What are the average price and score of wines grouped by appelation?
Find the wineries that have at least four wines.
Find the country of all appelations who have at most three wines.
What are the names of wines whose production year are before the year of all wines by Brander winery?
What are the names of wines that are more expensive then all wines made in the year 2006?
Find the top 3 wineries with the greatest number of wines made of white color grapes.
List the grape, winery and year of the wines whose price is bigger than 100 ordered by year.
List the grape, appelation and name of wines whose score is higher than 93 ordered by Name.
Find the appelations that produce wines after the year of 2008 but not in Central Coast area.
Find the average price of wines that are not produced from Sonoma county.
Find the county where produces the most number of wines with score higher than 90.
How many train stations are there?
Show the name, location, and number of platforms for all stations.
What are all locations of train stations?
Show the names and total passengers for all train stations not in London.
Show the names and main services for train stations that have the top three total number of passengers.
What is the average and maximum number of total passengers for train stations in London or Glasgow?
Show all locations and the total number of platforms and passengers for all train stations in each location.
Show all locations that have train stations with at least 15 platforms and train stations with more than 25 total passengers.
Show all locations which don't have a train station with at least 15 platforms.
Show the location with most number of train stations.
Show the name, time, and service for all trains.
Show the number of trains
Show the name and service for all trains in order by time.
Show the station name and number of trains in each station.
show the train name and station name for each train.
Show all train names and times in stations in London in descending order by train time.
Show the station name with greatest number of trains.
Show the station name with at least two trains.
Show all locations with only 1 station.
Show station names without any trains.
What are the names of the stations which serve both "Ananthapuri Express" and "Guruvayur Express" trains?
Find the names of the trains that do not pass any station located in London.
List the names and locations of all stations ordered by their yearly entry exit and interchange amounts.
List all vehicle id
How many vehicle in total?
Show the detail of vehicle with id 1.
List the first name middle name and last name of all staff.
What is the birthday of the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn join the company?
When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn leave the company?
How many staff have the first name Ludie?
What is the nickname of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
How many staff in total?
Which city does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn live?
Which country and state does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn lived?
How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin?
What is the zip code of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn lived?
How many staff live in state Georgia?
Find out the first name and last name of staff lived in city Damianfort.
Which city lives most of staffs? List the city name and number of staffs.
List the states which have between 2 to 4 staffs living there.
List the first name and last name of all customers.
List email address and birthday of customer whose first name as Carole.
List phone number and email address of customer with more than 2000 outstanding balance.
What is the status code, mobile phone number and email address of customer with last name as Kohler or first name as Marina?
When are the birthdays of customer who are classified as 'Good Customer' status?
When did customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard became a customer?
List all customer status codes and the number of customers having each status code.
Which customer status code has least number of customers?
How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin were completed?
What is maximum, minimum and average amount of outstanding of customer?
List the first name and last name of customers have the amount of outstanding between 1000 and 3000.
List first name and last name of customers lived in city Lockmanfurt.
Which country does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard lived in?
What is zip code of customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard?
Which city does has most number of customers?
How much in total does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard paid?
List the number of customers that did not have any payment history.
List first name and last name of customers that have more than 2 payments.
List all payment methods and number of payments using each payment methods.
How many lessons were in cancelled state?
List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa, last name as Sawayn and nickname containing letter 's'.
How many lessons taught by staff whose first name has letter 'a' in it?
How long is the total lesson time taught by staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
What is average lesson price taught by staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
How many lesson does customer with first name Ray took?
Which last names are both used by customers and by staff?
What is the first name of the staff who did not give any lesson?
What is the id and detail of the vehicle used in lessons for most of the times?
How many faculty do we have?
What ranks do we have for faculty?
Show all the distinct buildings that have faculty rooms.
Show the rank, first name, and last name for all the faculty.
Show the first name, last name, and phone number for all female faculty members.
Show ids for all the male faculty.
How many female Professors do we have?
Show the phone, room, and building for the faculty named Jerry Prince.
How many Professors are in building NEB?
Show the first name and last name for all the instructors.
Show all the buildings along with the number of faculty members the buildings have.
Which building has most faculty members?
Show all the buildings that have at least 10 professors.
For each faculty rank, show the number of faculty members who have it.
Show all the ranks and the number of male and female faculty for each rank.
Which rank has the smallest number of faculty members?
Show the number of male and female assistant professors.
What are the first name and last name of Linda Smith's advisor?
Show the ids of students whose advisors are professors.
Show first name and last name for all the students advised by Michael Goodrich.
Show the faculty id of each faculty member, along with the number of students he or she advises.
Show all the faculty ranks and the number of students advised by each rank.
What are the first and last name of the faculty who has the most students?
Show the ids for all the faculty members who have at least 2 students.
Show ids for the faculty members who don't advise any student.
What activities do we have?
How many activities do we have?
How many faculty members participate in an activity?
Show the ids of the faculty who don't participate in any activity.
Show the ids of all the faculty members who participate in an activity and advise a student.
How many activities does Mark Giuliano participate in?
Show the names of all the activities Mark Giuliano participates in.
Show the first and last name of all the faculty members who participated in some activity, together with the number of activities they participated in.
Show all the activity names and the number of faculty involved in each activity.
What is the first and last name of the faculty participating in the most activities?
What is the name of the activity that has the most faculty members involved in?
Show the ids of the students who don't participate in any activity.
Show the ids for all the students who participate in an activity and are under 20.
What is the first and last name of the student participating in the most activities?
What is the name of the activity with the most students?
Find the first names of the faculty members who are playing Canoeing or Kayaking.
Find the first names of professors who are not playing Canoeing or Kayaking.
Find the first names of the faculty members who participate in Canoeing and Kayaking.
Find the ids of the students who participate in Canoeing and Kayaking.
Find the name of the airport in the city of Goroka.
Find the name, city, country, and altitude (or elevation) of the airports in the city of New York.
How many airlines are there?
How many airlines does Russia has?
What is the maximum elevation of all airports in the country of Iceland?
Find the name of the airports located in Cuba or Argentina.
Find the country of the airlines whose name starts with 'Orbit'.
Find the name of airports whose altitude is between -50 and 50.
Which country is the airport that has the highest altitude located in?
Find the number of airports whose name contain the word 'International'.
How many different cities do have some airport in the country of Greenland?
Find the number of routes operated by American Airlines.
Find the number of routes whose destination airports are in Canada.
Find the name, city, and country of the airport that has the lowest altitude.
Find the name, city, and country of the airport that has the highest latitude.
Find the name and city of the airport which is the destination of the most number of routes.
Find the names of the top 10 airlines that operate the most number of routes.
Find the name and city of the airport which is the source for the most number of flight routes.
Find the number of different airports which are the destinations of the American Airlines.
Which countries has the most number of airlines?
Which countries has the most number of airlines whose active status is 'Y'?
List all countries and their number of airlines in the descending order of number of airlines.
How many airports are there per country? Order the countries by decreasing number of airports.
How many airports are there per city in the United States? Order the cities by decreasing number of airports.
Return the cities with more than 3 airports in the United States.
How many cities are there that have more than 3 airports?
List the cities which have more than one airport and number of airports.
List the cities which have more than 2 airports sorted by the number of airports.
Find the number of routes for each source airport and the airport name.
Find the number of routes and airport name for each source airport, order the results by decreasing number of routes.
Find the average elevation of all airports for each country.
Find the cities which have exactly two airports.
For each country and airline name, how many routes are there?
Find the number of routes with destination airports in Italy.
Return the number of routes with destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines'.
Find the number of routes that have destination John F Kennedy International Airport.
Find the number of routes from the United States to Canada.
Find the id of routes whose source and destination airports are in the United States.
Find the name of airline which runs the most number of routes.
Find the busiest source airport that runs most number of routes in China.
Find the busiest destination airport that runs most number of routes in China.
What is the id of the most recent order?
what are the order id and customer id of the oldest order?
Find the id of the order whose shipment tracking number is "3452".
Find the ids of all the order items whose product id is 11.
List the name of all the distinct customers who have orders with status "Packing".
Find the details of all the distinct customers who have orders with status "On Road".
What is the name of the customer who has the most orders?
What is the customer id of the customer who has the most orders?
Give me a list of id and status of orders which belong to the customer named "Jeramie".
Find the dates of orders which belong to the customer named "Jeramie".
Give me the names of customers who have placed orders between 2009-01-01 and 2010-01-01.
Give me a list of distinct product ids from orders placed between 1975-01-01 and 1976-01-01?
Find the names of the customers who have order status both "On Road" and "Shipped".
Find the id of the customers who have order status both "On Road" and "Shipped".
When was the order placed whose shipment tracking number is 3452? Give me the date.
What is the placement date of the order whose invoice number is 10?
List the count and id of each product in all the orders.
List the name and count of each product in all orders.
Find the ids of orders which are shipped after 2000-01-01.
Find the id of the order which is shipped most recently.
List the names of all distinct products in alphabetical order.
List the ids of all distinct orders ordered by placed date.
What is the id of the order which has the most items?
Find the invoice numbers which are created before 1989-09-03 or after 2007-12-25.
Find the distinct details of invoices which are created before 1989-09-03 or after 2007-12-25.
For each customer who has at least two orders, find the customer name and number of orders made.
Find the name of the customers who have at most two orders.
List the names of the customers who have once bought product "food".
List the names of customers who have once canceled the purchase of the product "food" (the item status is "Cancel").
How many architects are female?
List the name, nationality and id of all male architects ordered by their names lexicographically.
What is the maximum length in meters for the bridges and what are the architects' names?
What is the average length in feet of the bridges?
What are the names and year of construction for the mills of 'Grondzeiler' type?
What are the distinct names and nationalities of the architects who have ever built a mill?
What are the names of the mills which are not located in 'Donceel'?
What are the distinct types of mills that are built by American or Canadian architects?
What are the ids and names of the architects who built at least 3 bridges ?
What is the id, name and nationality of the architect who built most mills?
What are the ids, names and genders of the architects who built two bridges or one mill?
What is the location of the bridge named 'Kolob Arch' or 'Rainbow Bridge'?
Which of the mill names contains the french word 'Moulin'?
What are the distinct name of the mills built by the architects who have also built a bridge longer than 80 meters?
What is the most common mill type, and how many are there?
How many architects haven't built a mill before year 1850?
show the name of all bridges that was designed by american archtect, and sort the result by the bridge feet length.
How many book clubs are there?
show the titles, and authors or editors for all books made after the year 1989.
Show all distinct publishers for books.
Show the years, book titles, and publishers for all books, in descending order by year.
Show all publishers and the number of books for each publisher.
What is the publisher with most number of books?
Show all book categories and the number of books in each category.
List categories that have at least two books after year 1989.
Show publishers with a book published in 1989 and a book in 1990.
Show all publishers which do not have a book in 1989.
Show all movie titles, years, and directors, ordered by budget.
How many movie directors are there?
What is the title and director for the movie with highest worldwide gross in the year 2000 or before?
Show all director names who have a movie in both year 1999 and 2000.
Show all director names who have a movie in the year 1999 or 2000.
What is the average, maximum, and minimum budget for all movies before 2000.
List all company names with a book published by Alyson.
Show the movie titles and book titles for all companies in China.
Show all company names with a movie directed in year 1999.
How many singers do we have?
Show name, country, age for all singers ordered by age from the oldest to the youngest.
What is the average, minimum, and maximum age of all singers from France?
Show the name and the release year of the song by the youngest singer.
What are all distinct countries where singers above age 20 are from?
Show all countries and the number of singers in each country.
List all song names by singers above the average age.
Show location and name for all stadiums with a capacity between 5000 and 10000.
What is the maximum capacity and the average of all stadiums ?
What is the average and maximum capacities for all stadiums ?
What is the name and capacity for the stadium with highest average attendance?
How many concerts are there in year 2014 or 2015?
Show the stadium name and the number of concerts in each stadium.
Show the stadium name and capacity with most number of concerts in year 2014 or after.
What is the name and capacity of the stadium with the most concerts after 2013 ?
Which year has most number of concerts?
Show the stadium names without any concert.
Show countries where a singer above age 40 and a singer below 30 are from.
Show names for all stadiums except for stadiums having a concert in year 2014.
Show the name and theme for all concerts and the number of singers in each concert.
What are the names , themes , and number of singers for every concert ?
List singer names and number of concerts for each singer.
List all singer names in concerts in year 2014.
what is the name and nation of the singer who have a song having 'Hey' in its name?
Find the name and location of the stadiums which some concerts happened in the years of both 2014 and 2015.
Find the number of concerts happened in the stadium with the highest capacity .
Find the number of pets whose weight is heavier than 10.
Find the weight of the youngest dog.
Find the maximum weight for each type of pet. List the maximum weight and pet type.
Find number of pets owned by students who are older than 20.
Find the number of dog pets that are raised by female students (with sex F).
Find the number of distinct type of pets.
Find the first name of students who have cat or dog pet.
Find the first name of students who have both cat and dog pets .
What are the students' first names who have both cats and dogs as pets?
Find the major and age of students who do not have a cat pet.
Find the id of students who do not have a cat pet.
Find the first name and age of students who have a dog but do not have a cat as a pet.
Find the type and weight of the youngest pet.
Find the id and weight of all pets whose age is older than 1.
Find the average and maximum age for each type of pet.
Find the average weight for each pet type.
Find the first name and age of students who have a pet.
Find the id of the pet owned by student whose last name is ‘Smith’.
Find the number of pets for each student who has any pet and student id.
For students who have pets , how many pets does each student have ? list their ids instead of names .
Find the first name and gender of student who have more than one pet.
Find the last name of the student who has a cat that is age 3.
Find the average age of students who do not have any pet .
How many continents are there?
How many countries does each continent have? List the continent id, continent name and the number of countries.
How many countries are listed?
How many models does each car maker produce? List maker full name, id and the number.
Which model of the car has the minimum horsepower?
Find the model of the car whose weight is below the average weight.
Find the name of the makers that produced some cars in the year of 1970?
Find the make and production time of the cars that were produced in the earliest year?
Which distinct car models are the produced after 1980?
How many car makers are there in each continents? List the continent name and the count.
Which of the countries has the most car makers? List the country name.
How many car models are produced by each maker ? Only list the count and the maker full name .
What is the number of car models that are produced by each maker and what is the id and full name of each maker?
What is the accelerate of the car make amc hornet sportabout (sw)?
How many car makers are there in france?
How many car models are produced in the usa?
What is the average miles per gallon(mpg) of the cars with 4 cylinders?
What is the smallest weight of the car produced with 8 cylinders on 1974 ?
What are all the makers and models?
What are the countries having at least one car maker? List name and id.
What is the number of the cars with horsepower more than 150?
What is the average weight of cars each year?
Which countries in europe have at least 3 car manufacturers?
What is the maximum horsepower and the make of the car models with 3 cylinders?
Which model saves the most gasoline? That is to say, have the maximum miles per gallon.
What is the car model with the highest mpg ?
What is the average horsepower of the cars before 1980?
What is the average horsepower for all cars produced before 1980 ?
What is the average edispl of the cars of model volvo?
What is the maximum accelerate for different number of cylinders?
Which model has the most version(make) of cars?
How many cars have more than 4 cylinders?
how many cars were produced in 1980?
How many car models were produced by the maker with full name American Motor Company?
Which makers designed more than 3 car models? List full name and the id.
Which distinctive models are produced by maker with the full name General Motors or weighing more than 3500?
In which years cars were produced weighing no less than 3000 and no more than 4000 ?
What is the horsepower of the car with the largest accelerate?
For model volvo, how many cylinders does the car with the least accelerate have?
How many cars have a larger accelerate than the car with the largest horsepower?
How many countries has more than 2 car makers ?
How many cars has over 6 cylinders?
For the cars with 4 cylinders, which model has the largest horsepower?
Among the cars with more than lowest horsepower, which ones do not have more than 3 cylinders? List the car makeid and make name.
Among the cars that do not have the minimum horsepower , what are the make ids and names of all those with less than 4 cylinders ?
What is the maximum miles per gallon of the car with 8 cylinders or produced before 1980 ?
Which models are lighter than 3500 but not built by the 'Ford Motor Company'?
What are the name of the countries where there is not a single car maker?
Which are the car makers which produce at least 2 models and more than 3 car makers ? List the id and the maker .
What are the ids and makers of all car makers that produce at least 2 models and make more than 3 cars?
What are the id and names of the countries which have more than 3 car makers or produce the 'fiat' model?
What are the ids and names of all countries that either have more than 3 car makers or produce fiat model ?
Which country does Airline "JetBlue Airways" belong to?
What is the abbreviation of Airline "JetBlue Airways"?
List all airline names and their abbreviations in "USA".
List the airport code and name in the city of Anthony.
How many airlines do we have?
How many airports do we have?
How many flights do we have?
Which airline has abbreviation 'UAL'?
How many airlines are from USA?
Which city and country is the Alton airport at?
What is the airport name for airport 'AKO'?
What are airport names at City 'Aberdeen'?
How many flights depart from 'APG'?
How many flights have destination ATO?
How many flights depart from City Aberdeen?
How many flights arriving in Aberdeen city?
How many flights depart from City 'Aberdeen' and have destination City 'Ashley'?
How many flights does airline 'JetBlue Airways' have?
How many 'United Airlines' flights go to Airport 'ASY'?
How many 'United Airlines' flights depart from Airport 'AHD'?
How many United Airlines flights go to City 'Aberdeen'?
Which city has most number of arriving flights?
Which city has most number of departing flights?
What is the code of airport that has the highest number of flights?
What is the code of airport that has fewest number of flights?
Which airline has most number of flights?
Find the abbreviation and country of the airline that has fewest number of flights?
What are airlines that have some flight departing from airport 'AHD'?
What are airlines that have flights arriving at airport 'AHD'?
Find all airlines that have flights from both airports 'APG' and 'CVO'.
Find all airlines that have flights from airport 'CVO' but not from 'APG'.
Find all airlines that have at least 10 flights.
Find all airlines that have fewer than 200 flights.
What are flight numbers of Airline "United Airlines"?
What are flight numbers of flights departing from Airport "APG"?
What are flight numbers of flights arriving at Airport "APG"?
What are flight numbers of flights departing from City "Aberdeen "?
What are flight numbers of flights arriving at City "Aberdeen"?
Find the number of flights landing in the city of Aberdeen or Abilene.
Find the name of airports which do not have any flight in and out.
Sort employee names by their age in ascending order.
What is the number of employees from each city?
Which cities do more than one employee under age 30 come from?
Find the number of shops in each location.
Find the manager name and district of the shop whose number of products is the largest.
find the minimum and maximum number of products of all stores.
Return the name, location and district of all shops in descending order of number of products.
Find the names of stores whose number products is more than the average number of products.
find the name of employee who was awarded the most times in the evaluation.
Find the name of the employee who got the highest one time bonus.
Find the names of employees who never won any award in the evaluation.
What is the name of the shop that is hiring the largest number of employees?
Find the name of the shops that do not hire any employee.
Find the number of employees hired in each shop; show the shop name as well.
What is total bonus given in all evaluations?
Give me all the information about hiring.
Which district has both stores with less than 3000 products and stores with more than 10000 products?
How many different store locations are there?
List document IDs, document names, and document descriptions for all documents.
What is the document name and template id for document with description with the letter 'w' in it?
What is the document id, template id and description for document named "Robbin CV"?
How many different templates do all document use?
How many documents are using the template with type code 'PPT'?
Show all template ids and number of documents using each template.
What is the id and type code for the template used by the most documents?
Show ids for all templates that are used by more than one document.
Show ids for all templates not used by any document.
How many templates do we have?
Show template ids, version numbers, and template type codes for all templates.
Show all distinct template type codes for all templates.
What are the ids of templates with template type code PP or PPT?
How many templates have template type code CV?
What is the version number and template type code for the template with version number later than 5?
Show all template type codes and number of templates for each.
Which template type code has most number of templates?
Show all template type codes with less than three templates.
What the smallest version number and its template type code?
What is the template type code of the template used by document with the name "Data base"?
Show all document names using templates with template type code BK.
Show all template type codes and the number of documents using each type.
Which template type code is used by most number of documents?
Show all template type codes that are not used by any document.
Show all template type codes and descriptions.
What is the template type descriptions for template type code "AD".
What is the template type code for template type description "Book".
What are the distinct template type descriptions for the templates ever used by any document?
What are the template ids with template type description "Presentation".
How many paragraphs in total?
How many paragraphs for the document with name 'Summer Show'?
Show paragraph details for paragraph with text 'Korea ' .
Show all paragraph ids and texts for the document with name 'Welcome to NY'.
Show all paragraph texts for the document "Customer reviews".
Show all document ids and the number of paragraphs in each document. Order by document id.
Show all document ids, names and the number of paragraphs in each document.
List all document ids with at least two paragraphs.
What is the document id and name with greatest number of paragraphs?
What is the document id with least number of paragraphs?
What is the document id with 1 to 2 paragraphs?
Show the document id with paragraph text 'Brazil' and 'Ireland'.
How many teachers are there?
List the names of teachers in ascending order of age.
What are the age and hometown of teachers?
List the name of teachers whose hometown is not `` Little Lever Urban District '' .
Show the name of teachers aged either 32 or 33?
What is the hometown of the youngest teacher?
Show different hometown of teachers and the number of teachers from each hometown.
List the most common hometown of teachers.
Show the hometowns shared by at least two teachers.
Show names of teachers and the courses they are arranged to teach.
Show names of teachers and the courses they are arranged to teach in ascending alphabetical order of the teacher's name.
Show the name of the teacher for the math course.
Show names of teachers and the number of courses they teach.
Show names of teachers that teach at least two courses.
List the names of teachers who have not been arranged to teach courses.
How many visitors below age 30 are there?
Find the names of the visitors whose membership level is higher than 4, and order the results by the level from high to low.
What is the average age of the visitors whose membership level is not higher than 4?
Find the name and membership level of the visitors whose membership level is higher than 4, and sort by their age from old to young.
Find the id and name of the museum that has the most staff members?
Find the average number of staff working for the museums that were open before 2009.
What are the opening year and staff number of the museum named Plaza Museum?
find the names of museums which have more staff than the minimum staff number of all museums opened after 2010.
find the id, name and age for visitors who visited some museums more than once.
What are the id, name and membership level of visitors who have spent the largest amount of money in total in all museum tickets?
What are the id and name of the museum visited most times?
What is the name of the museum that had no visitor yet?
Find the name and age of the visitor who bought the most tickets at once.
What are the average and maximum number of tickets bought in all visits?
What is the total ticket expense of the visitors whose membership level is 1?
What is the name of the visitor who visited both a museum opened before 2009 and a museum opened after 2011?
Find the number of visitors who did not visit any museum opened after 2010.
How many museums were opened after 2013 or before 2008?
Find the total number of players.
Find the total number of matches.
List the first name and birth date of all players from the country with code USA.
Find the average age of losers and winners of all matches.
Find the average rank of winners in all matches.
Find the highest rank of losers in all matches.
find the number of distinct country codes of all players.
Find the number of distinct name of losers.
Find the name of tourney that has more than 10 matches.
List the names of all winners who played in both 2013 and 2016.
List the number of all matches who played in years of 2013 or 2016.
What are the country code and first name of the players who won in both tourney WTA Championships and Australian Open?
Find the first name and country code of the oldest player.
List the first and last name of all players in the order of birth date.
List the first and last name of all players who are left / L hand in the order of birth date.
Find the first name and country code of the player who did the most number of tours.
Find the year that has the most number of matches.
Find the name and rank points of the winner who won the most times.
Find the name of the winner who has the highest rank points and participated in the Australian Open tourney.
find the names of loser and winner who played in the match with greatest number of minutes.
Find the average ranking for each player and their first name.
Find the total ranking points for each player and their first name.
find the number of players for each country.
find the code of the country where has the greatest number of players.
Find the codes of countries that have more than 50 players.
Find the total number of tours for each ranking date.
Find the number of matches happened in each year.
Find the name and rank of the 3 youngest winners across all matches.
How many different winners both participated in the WTA Championships and were left handed?
Find the first name, country code and birth date of the winner who has the highest rank points in all matches.
Find the number of players for each hand type.
How many ships ended up being 'Captured'?
List the name and tonnage ordered by in descending alphaetical order for the names.
List the name, date and result of each battle.
What is maximum and minimum death toll caused each time?
What is the average number of injuries caused each time?
What are the death and injury situations caused by the ship with tonnage 't'?
What are the name and results of the battles when the bulgarian commander is not 'Boril'
What are the different ids and names of the battles that lost any 'Brig' type shipes?
What are the ids and names of the battles that led to more than 10 people killed in total.
What is the ship id and name that caused most total injuries?
What are the distinct battle names which are between bulgarian commander 'Kaloyan' and latin commander 'Baldwin I'?
How many different results are there for the battles?
How many battles did not lose any ship with tonnage '225'?
List the name and date the battle that has lost the ship named 'Lettice' and the ship named 'HMS Atalanta'
Show names, results and bulgarian commanders of the battles with no ships lost in the 'English Channel'.
What are the notes of the death events which has substring 'East'?
what are all the addresses including line 1 and line 2?
How many courses in total are listed?
How is the math course described?
What is the zip code of the address in the city Port Chelsea?
Which department offers the most number of degrees? List department name and id.
What is the name and id of the department with the most number of degrees ?
How many departments offer any degree?
How many different degree names are offered?
How many degrees does the engineering department offer?
What are the names and descriptions of all the sections?
What are the names and id of courses having at most 2 sections?
List the section_name in reversed lexicographical order.
What is the semester which most student registered in? Show both the name and the id.
What is the description of the department whose name has the substring the computer?
Who are enrolled in 2 degree programs in one semester? List the first name, middle name and last name and the id.
Who is enrolled in a Bachelor degree program? List the first name, middle name, last name.
Find the kind of program which most number of students are enrolled in?
Find the program which most number of students are enrolled in. List both the id and the summary.
Which student has enrolled for the most times in any program? List the id, first name, middle name, last name, the number of enrollments and student id.
Which semesters do not have any student enrolled? List the semester name.
What are all the course names of the courses which ever have students enrolled in?
What's the name of the course with most number of enrollments?
Find the last name of the students who currently live in the state of North Carolina but have not registered in any degree program.
Show the date and id of the transcript with at least 2 course results.
What is the phone number of the man with the first name Timmothy and the last name Ward?
What is the mobile phone number of the student named Timmothy Ward ?
Who is the first student to register? List the first name, middle name and last name.
Who is the earliest graduate of the school? List the first name, middle name and last name.
Whose permanent address is different from his or her current address? List his or her first name.
Which address holds the most number of students currently? List the address id and all lines.
On average, when were the transcripts printed?
When is the first transcript released? List the date and details.
How many transcripts are released?
What is the last transcript release date?
How many times at most can a course enrollment result show in different transcripts? Also show the course enrollment id.
Show the date of the transcript which shows the least number of results, also list the id.
Find the semester when both Master students and Bachelor students got enrolled in.
How many different addresses do the students currently live?
List all the student details in reversed lexicographical order.
Describe the section h.
Find the first name of the students who permanently live in the country Haiti or have the cell phone number 09700166582 .
List the title of all cartoons in alphabetical order.
List all cartoon directed by "Ben Jones".
How many cartoons were written by "Joseph Kuhr"?
list all cartoon titles and their directors ordered by their air date
List the title of all cartoon directed by "Ben Jones" or "Brandon Vietti".
Which country has the most of TV Channels? List the country and number of TV Channels it has.
List the number of different series names and contents in the TV Channel table.
What is the content of TV Channel with serial name "Sky Radio"?
What is the Package Option of TV Channel with serial name "Sky Radio"?
How many TV Channel using language English?
List the language used least number of TV Channel. List language and number of TV Channel.
List each language and the number of TV Channels using it.
What is the TV Channel that shows the cartoon "The Rise of the Blue Beetle!"? List the TV Channel's series name.
List the title of all  Cartoons showed on TV Channel with series name "Sky Radio".
List the Episode of all TV series sorted by rating.
List top 3 highest Rating  TV series. List the TV series's Episode and Rating.
What is minimum and maximum share of TV series?
What is the air date of TV series with Episode "A Love of a Lifetime"?
What is Weekly Rank of TV series with Episode "A Love of a Lifetime"?
What is the TV Channel of TV series with Episode "A Love of a Lifetime"? List the TV Channel's series name.
List the Episode of all  TV series showed on TV Channel with series name "Sky Radio".
Find the number of cartoons directed by each of the listed directors.
Find the production code and channel of the most recently aired cartoon .
Find the package choice and series name of the TV channel that has high definition TV.
which countries' tv channels are playing some cartoon written by Todd Casey?
which countries' tv channels are not playing any cartoon written by Todd Casey?
Find the series name and country of the tv channel that is playing some cartoons directed by Ben Jones and Michael Chang?
find the pixel aspect ratio and nation of the tv channels that do not use English.
find id of the tv channels that from the countries where have more than two tv channels.
find the id of tv channels that do not play any cartoon directed by Ben Jones.
find the package option of the tv channel that do not have any cartoon directed by Ben Jones.
How many poker players are there?
List the earnings of poker players in descending order.
List the final tables made and the best finishes of poker players.
What is the average earnings of poker players?
What is the money rank of the poker player with the highest earnings?
What is the maximum number of final tables made among poker players with earnings less than 200000?
What are the names of poker players?
What are the names of poker players whose earnings is higher than 300000?
List the names of poker players ordered by the final tables made in ascending order.
What is the birth date of the poker player with the lowest earnings?
What is the money rank of the tallest poker player?
What is the average earnings of poker players with height higher than 200?
What are the names of poker players in descending order of earnings?
What are different nationalities of people and the corresponding number of people from each nation?
What is the most common nationality of people?
What are the nationalities that are shared by at least two people?
List the names and birth dates of people in ascending alphabetical order of name.
Show names of people whose nationality is not "Russia".
List the names of people that are not poker players.
How many distinct nationalities are there?
How many states are there?
List the contestant numbers and names, ordered by contestant name descending.
List the vote ids, phone numbers and states of all votes.
What are the maximum and minimum values of area codes?
What is last date created of votes from the state 'CA'?
What are the names of the contestants whose names are not 'Jessie Alloway'
What are the distinct states and create time of all votes?
What are the contestant numbers and names of the contestants who had at least two votes?
Of all the contestants who got voted, what is the contestant number and name of the contestant who got least votes?
What are the number of votes from state 'NY' or 'CA'?
How many contestants did not get voted?
What is the area code in which the most voters voted?
What are the create dates, states, and phone numbers of the votes that were for the contestant named 'Tabatha Gehling'?
List the area codes in which voters voted both for the contestant 'Tabatha Gehling' and the contestant 'Kelly Clauss'.
Return the names of the contestants whose names contain the substring 'Al' .
What are the names of all the countries that became independent after 1950?
How many countries have a republic as their form of government?
What is the total surface area of the countries in the Caribbean region?
Which continent is Anguilla in?
Which region is the city Kabul located in?
Which language is the most popular in Aruba?
What are the population and life expectancies in Brazil?
What are the region and population of Angola?
What is the average expected life expectancy for countries in the region of Central Africa?
What is the name of country that has the shortest life expectancy in Asia?
What is the total population and maximum GNP in Asia?
What is the average life expectancy in African countries that are republics?
What is the total surface area of the continents Asia and Europe?
How many people live in Gelderland district?
What is the average GNP and total population in all nations whose government is US territory?
How many unique languages are spoken in the world?
How many type of governments are in Africa?
What is the total number of languages used in Aruba?
How many official languages does Afghanistan have?
What is name of the country that speaks the largest number of languages?
Which continent has the most diverse languages?
How many countries speak both English and Dutch?
What are the names of nations speak both English and French?
What are the names of nations where both English and French are official languages?
What is the number of distinct continents where Chinese is spoken?
What are the regions that use English or Dutch?
What are the countries where either English or Dutch is the official language ?
Which countries have either English or Dutch as an official language?
Which language is the most popular on the Asian continent?
Which languages are spoken by only one country in republic governments?
Find the city with the largest population that uses English.
Find the name, population and expected life length of asian country with the largest area?
What is average life expectancy in the countries where English is not the official language?
What is the total number of people living in the nations that do not use English?
What is the official language spoken in the country whose head of state is Beatrix?
What is the total number of unique official languages spoken in the countries that are founded before 1930?
What are the countries that have greater surface area than any country in Europe?
What are the African countries that have a  population less than any country in Asia?
Which African countries have a smaller population than that of any country in Asia?
Which Asian countries have a population that is larger than any country in Africa?
What are the Asian countries which have a population larger than that of any country in Africa?
What are the country codes for countries that do not speak English?
What are the country codes of countries where people use languages other than English?
What are the codes of the countries that do not speak English and whose government forms are not Republic?
Which cities are in European countries where English is not the official language?
Which unique cities are in Asian countries where Chinese is the official language ?
Return the different names of cities that are in Asia and for which Chinese is the official language.
What are the name, independence year, and surface area of the country with the smallest population?
What are the population, name and leader of the country with the largest area?
Return the country name and the numbers of languages spoken for each country that speaks at least 3 languages.
Find the number of cities in each district whose population is greater than the average population of cities?
Find the government form name and total population for each government form whose average life expectancy is longer than 72.
Find the average life expectancy and total population for each continent where the average life expectancy is shorter than 72?
What are the names and areas of countries with the top 5 largest area?
What are names of countries with the top 3 largest population?
What are the names of the nations with the 3 lowest populations?
how many countries are in Asia?
What are the names of the countries that are in the continent of Europe and have a population of 80000?
What is the total population and average area of countries in the continent of North America whose area is bigger than 3000 ?
What are the cities whose population is between 160000 and 900000?
Return the names of cities that have a population between 160000 and 900000 .
Which language is spoken by the largest number of countries?
What is the language spoken by the largest percentage of people in each country?
What is the total number of countries where Spanish is spoken by the largest percentage of people?
What are the codes of countries where Spanish is spoken by the largest percentage of people?
How many conductors are there?
List the names of conductors in ascending order of age.
What are the names of conductors whose nationalities are not "USA"?
What are the record companies of orchestras in descending order of years in which they were founded?
What is the average attendance of shows?
What are the maximum and minimum share of performances whose type is not "Live final".
How many different nationalities do conductors have?
List names of conductors in descending order of years of work.
List the name of the conductor with the most years of work.
Show the names of conductors and the orchestras they have conducted.
Show the names of conductors that have conducted more than one orchestras.
Show the name of the conductor that has conducted the most number of orchestras.
Please show the name of the conductor that has conducted orchestras founded after 2008.
Please show the different record companies and the corresponding number of orchestras.
Please show the record formats of orchestras in ascending order of count.
List the record company shared by the most number of orchestras.
List the names of orchestras that have no performance.
Show the record companies shared by orchestras founded before 2003 and after 2003.
Find the number of orchestras whose record format is "CD" or "DVD".
Show the years in which orchestras that have given more than one performance are founded.
How many high schoolers are there?
Show the names and grades of each high schooler.
Show all the grades of the high schoolers.
What grade is Kyle in?
Show the names of all high schoolers in grade 10.
Show the ID of the high schooler named Kyle.
How many high schoolers are there in grade 9 or 10?
Show the number of high schoolers for each grade.
Which grade has the most high schoolers?
Show me all grades that have at least 4 students.
Show the student IDs and numbers of friends corresponding to each.
Show the names of high school students and their corresponding number of friends.
What is the name of the high schooler who has the greatest number of friends?
Show the names of high schoolers who have at least 3 friends.
Show the names of all of the high schooler Kyle's friends.
How many friends does the high school student Kyle have?
Show ids of all students who do not have any friends.
Show names of all high school students who do not have any friends.
Show the ids of high schoolers who have friends and are also liked by someone else.
Show name of all students who have some friends and also are liked by someone else.
Count the number of likes for each student id.
Show the names of high schoolers who have likes, and numbers of likes for each.
What is the name of the high schooler who has the greatest number of likes?
Show the names of students who have at least 2 likes.
Show the names of students who have a grade higher than 5 and have at least 2 friends.
How many likes does Kyle have?
Find the average grade of all students who have some friends.
Find the minimum grade of students who have no friends.
Which states have both owners and professionals living there?
What is the average age of the dogs who have gone through any treatments?
Which professionals live in the state of Indiana or have done treatment on more than 2 treatments? List his or her id, last name and cell phone.
Which dogs have not cost their owner more than 1000 for treatment ? List the dog names .
Which first names are used for professionals or owners but are not used as dog names?
Which professional did not operate any treatment on dogs? List the professional's id, role and email.
Which owner owns the most dogs? List the owner id, first name and last name.
Which professionals have done at least two treatments? List the professional's id, role, and first name.
What is the name of the breed with the most dogs?
Which owner has paid for the most treatments on his or her dogs? List the owner id and last name.
What is the description of the treatment type that costs the least money in total?
Which owner has paid the largest amount of money in total for their dogs? Show the owner id and zip code.
Which professionals have done at least two types of treatments? List the professional id and cell phone.
What are the first name and last name of the professionals who have done treatment with cost below average?
List the date of each treatment, together with the first name of the professional who operated it.
List the cost of each treatment and the corresponding treatment type description.
List each owner's first name, last name, and the size of his for her dog.
List pairs of the owner's first name and the dogs's name.
List the names of the dogs of the rarest breed and the treatment dates of them.
Which dogs are owned by someone who lives in Virginia? List the owner's first name and the dog's name.
What are the arriving date and the departing date of the dogs who have gone through a treatment?
List the last name of the owner owning the youngest dog.
List the emails of the professionals who live in the state of Hawaii or the state of Wisconsin.
What are the arriving date and the departing date of all the dogs?
How many dogs went through any treatments?
How many professionals have performed any treatment to dogs?
Which professionals live in a city containing the substring 'West'? List his or her role, street, city and state.
Which owners live in the state whose name contains the substring 'North'? List his first name, last name and email.
How many dogs have an age below the average?
How much does the most recent treatment cost?
How many dogs have not gone through any treatment?
Tell me the number of dogs that have not received any treatment .
How many owners temporarily do not have any dogs?
How many professionals did not operate any treatment on dogs?
List the dog name, age and weight of the dogs who have been abandoned? 1 stands for yes, and 0 stands for no.
What is the average age of all the dogs?
What is the age of the oldest dog?
How much does each charge type costs? List both charge type and amount.
How much does the most expensive charge type costs?
List the email, cell phone and home phone of all the professionals.
What are all the possible breed type and size type combinations?
List the first name of all the professionals along with the description of the treatment they have done.
List the name of singers in ascending order of net worth.
What are the birth year and citizenship of singers?
List the name of singers whose citizenship is not "France".
Show the name of singers whose birth year is either 1948 or 1949?
What is the name of the singer with the largest net worth?
Show different citizenship of singers and the number of singers of each citizenship.
Please show the most common citizenship of singers.
What is the most common singer citizenship ?
Show different citizenships and the maximum net worth of singers of each citizenship.
Show titles of songs and names of singers.
Show distinct names of singers that have songs with sales more than 300000.
Show the names of singers that have more than one song.
Show the names of singers and the total sales of their songs.
List the name of singers that do not have any song.
Show the citizenship shared by singers with birth year before 1945 and after 1955.
How many available features are there in total?
What is the feature type name of feature AirCon?
Show the property type descriptions of properties belonging to that code.
What are the names of properties that are either houses or apartments with more than 1 room?
What is terrence ross' nationality
What clu was in toronto 1995-96
which club was in toronto 2003-06
how many schools or teams had jalen rose
Where was Assen held?
What was the number of race that Kevin Curtain won?
What was the date of the race in Misano?
How many different positions did Sherbrooke Faucons (qmjhl) provide in the draft?
What are the nationalities of the player picked from Thunder Bay Flyers (ushl)
How many different college/junior/club teams provided a player to the Washington Capitals NHL Team?
How many different nationalities do the players of New Jersey Devils come from?
What's Dorain Anneck's pick number?
What is the nationality of the player from Vancouver Canucks?
What's the pick number of the player from Springfield Olympics (Nejhl)?
When were the ships launched that were laid down on september 1, 1964?
List the # for ships commissioned on december 18, 1965.
List the # for ships commissioned on september 30, 1967.
When were ships laid down that were commissioned on october 29, 1965?
What could a spanish coronel be addressed as in the commonwealth military?
Give me a list of all spanish officer titles that could receive recognition as group captain in english
If you are a pilot officer in the commonwealth then what will you called as in the US air force?
If you're a major general in the US air force then what ranking will you receive in the commonwealth's air force?
If you get a ranking as major in the  english military then what would the spanish military address you as?
Which province is grey and bell electorate in
Which province is bay of islands in
what is the total number of total w–l where doubles w–l is 11–11
what is the total number of singles w–l where doubles w–l is 11–14
what's the total w–l where player is boro jovanović category:articles with hcards
what is the maximum ties played where player is josip palada category:articles with hcards
what is the total number of ties played where total w–l is 38–24
What is the Frequency at the Market/Rank of Burlington - Plattsburgh , Vermont - New York /143?
What is the Branding for Group Owner Qantam of Cape Cod, LLC?
What Branding does WRKO calls use?
What is the Format for Branding of 1290 wkbk w281au 104.1?
Which Market/Rank is associated with WCRN calls?
Which Frequency is used for WEGP calls?
What is the regulated retail price for the tariff code ff0 prs?
What is the premium associated with tariff code g9?
How many tariff codes have a bts retail price of 2p/min or inclusive?
How many tariff codes have a bts retail price of 2.553p/min?
What prefixes are priced at pence per minute, fixed at all times with a premium of 3p/min?
What is the bts retail price (regulated) for tariff code g10?
What is the smallest possible radius?
What are all the spectral types for star mismis24-# is 1sw?
If a radius is 10, what  is the lowest possible mass?
What percentage of seats were filled in 2006?
How many hours were flown in each of the years where more than 64379058.0 kilometers were flown?
Of the years that had exactly 17096 departures, what is the greatest number of aircraft kilometers flown?
Which winning team beat the New York Yankees?
What was the final score for the game that was contested on February 1, 2009?
What sport had a final score of 3-2?
Who was the winning team of the game that was contested on February 1, 2009?
Who was the losing team of the game that was contested on February 1, 2004?
what's the minimum total with crop (kilotonnes) being s lupin
what's the new south wales with crop (kilotonnes) being canola
what's the total number of south australia with victoria value of 2173
what's the minimum tasmania value
what's the total number of tasmania with new south wales crop of 190 kilotonnes
How many significant relationships list Will as a virtue?
Which examples ask the existential question "Can I Love?"
How many countries got 796.7 points?
In what group stage were 177.2 points awarded?
What is the lowest group to earn 886.6 points?
How many countries earned 177.2 points?
What country had the total 18,900 (r)?
What is the county of precints 515?
Which city has a capacity of 41903?
What is the maximum capacity of the Otkrytie Arena stadium?
When did the stadium where Bursaspor is the tenant open?
How many tenants are there in the city of Samsun?
What is the percentage of the Shivalik Zone where the percentage of the Mid-Hill Zone is 10%?
For mid-hill zone  what is the altitude?
What are the climatic conditions for the trance- n himalaya zone?
What is the percentage of the  trance- n himalaya zone that corresponds with the high hill zone is 25%?
What is the state of Ted Stevens?
What's the standard of the country who won its first title in 1992?
What's the smallest number of players?
In what year was the last last title received, by any of the countries?
What religious groups made up 0.72% of the Indian population in 2001?
What is the original air date for episode 15 of season 6?
Which podiums did the Williams team have with a margin of defeat of 2?
How many drivers on the williams team had a margin of defeat of 2?
How many seasons was clay regazzoni the driver?
Which margin of defeats had points of 30?
Which podiums did the alfa romeo team have?
What was the percent of slovenes 1951 for bach?
What college's team is the Saskatchewan Roughriders?
What position did Calvin Mccarty play?
How many people were pick #30?
What college did Calvin McCarty play at?
What college had a LB in the draft?
Who got high assists for the game played on February 9?
Which lava domes erupted or had a growth episode during the Holocene period?
What is the composition at Valles lava dome?
How many countries are the Tata Sabaya Lava domes located in?
What countries have had eruptions of growth episodes in 1986?
Who is the lyricist for the song with a length of 3:05?
What song has a length of 3:05?
Which lyricist has a song with a length of 6:14?
What is the highest track number?
Which song has picturization by only vijay?
For which singers was Alangudi Somu the lyricist?
What publishers were involved with product number SCUS-97265?
What is the total number of James Bond 007: Everything or Nothing for each system?
How many products have the title "Jak 3"?
Which James Bond 007: Agent Under Fire from Electronic Arts is compatible with 60 gb pal/80 gb NTSC PS3 (CECHC/CECHE)?
What publishers produce product number SLUS-20265?
How many titles have the product number SCUS-97330?
What is  the status when livery is blue?
What is the location when the status is in service as coaching stock?
What was the first season of the club who last won a title in 2012?
What was the first season of the club that in 2012 was 2nd in Superettan?
Who directed the second episode of "The Homecoming" which was written by Tommy Thompson?
What percentage of The Bronx voters occured when Manhattan had 29.9% of voters?
What number of voters did the Bronx have when the total number was 2054?
What number of voters did Queens have when Staten Island had 295 voters?
What was Staten Island when Brooklyn was 940?
What was the total number in Manhattan when Staten Island was 12,658?
What was the total in Brooklyn when Manhattan was 3,139?
Who was the republican candidate in 2013 when Staten Island was 451?
What was the amount in Staten Island when The Bronx was 1,281?
The candidate who received 133 votes in the Bronx won what percentage overall?
Which candidate won 88 votes in Queens in 1921?
How many votes in Brooklyn were won by the candidate who won 321 votes in Manhattan?
The man who received 87,676 votes in Queens won what percentage of the total for the election?
How many parties received 29.9% of the vote in Manhattan?
Name the most late 1943 with late 194 in slovenia
What is the least september 1943 when late 1943 is 78000
What was Eric Dickerson's longest run?
How many attempts did Charles White make?
How many yards did the player with 87 attempts rush?
What was the highest amount of people that attended the elgin city team?
The firs park stadium had the lowest average attendence of what?
What was the lowest highest attendance for the dumbarton team?
The gayfield park stadium had a highest attendance of what?
The stenhousemuir team had how many highest attendances?
what's the premiere with hk viewers of 2.09 million
what is the minimum rank
What is the minimum capacity of Dundee United's stadium?
Which stadiums have a capacity of 51082?
How many stadiums are there with a capacity of 7500?
What is Pittodrie Stadium's maximum capacity?
Which stadiums have an average attendance of 13840?
What are the highest recorded attendance rates of the stadiums with an average attendance of 4752?
What is the highest number of ties?
During the 2013 debut, what is the w-I(total) number?
What is the catalog number named callanetics: 10 years younger in 10 hours
how many studios have the catalog number "cal03 / 0091037137333"?
what is the format of "callanetics: 10 years younger in 10 hours"?
What is the catalog number of the title called "super callanetics"?
how many titles have the name "quick callanetics"?
Who creates the catalog with the number "cal03 / 0091037137333"?
What was the rating for the episode with 1.83 viewers (millions)?
What was the share for the episode with the air date december 10, 2008?
Which premiere had languages in danish?
What was the number of channels in New Zealand?
What is the premiere where the host is lieke van lexmond dennis weening?
What is the premiere on the mega channel?
What is the symbol for Windpower in China?
who were the winners in west virginia
tell the final for lindsey graham
who won the senate seat in arkansas
What is the dysart of the principal?
What is williow canyon of Roberta Lockhart?
What is the willow canyon of Stallion?
Name the Valley Vista of Anthony Capuano
How many informations does Michael Hawkins have?
How many total rounds did Damon Hill come in First Place?
Who drove the winning car constructed by Jordan - Mugen-Honda?
Which Grand Prix was won by a car constructed by Jordan - Mugen-Honda?
Which location belongs to the website, http://www.mudgeerabasoccer.com/?
The president, peter williamson, had how many home grounds?
How many head coaches are there for the website, http://www.burleighbulldogs.org/?
The head coach, steve radoslavic, is related to which websites?
Who is the driver of the european grand prix?
What is the report for round 3?
What is the winning driver of round 7?
Name the grand prix with a driver of Michael Schumacher and a round of 7?
Which round was the winning constructor was Benetton - Ford and in the Pole Position was Damon Hill?
How many Grand Prix were the winning constructor Benetton - Ford and the pole position was Michael Schumacher?
Who was the winning driver in round 6?
Who was the winning driver in the grand prix at Pacific Grand Prix?
Who was the winning driver when the grand Prix was at Belgian Grand Prix?
Who was the winning driver when the pole position was held by Ayrton Senna and the Fastest lap was Michael Schumacher?
On which date was the winning driver Alain Prost and and had Damon Hill in the pole position?
Which round was the Spanish Grand Prix?
What was the record at week 7
How many teams did they play week 6
What is the number of reports for the italian grand prix?
What is the pole position of the belgian grand prix?
What is the pole position of paul ricard?
What is the report of the united states grand prix west?
Where is the German Grand Prix?
What is the constructor of the Swedish Grand Prix?
Who did the fastest lap at Watkins glen?
What circuit has a race called ii cape south easter trophy.
Which driver won the i race of champions?
What is the report for the race that Mike Spence won.
What is the report for the race i sunday mirror trophy?
How many winners did I Dessau Autobahnspinne have?
What is the date on which a race was run at Halle-Saale-Schleife circuit?
How many races take place in Dessau circuit?
Which races did Paul Greifzu win?
Which driver won at the Sachsenring circuit?
Which constructor was present at the Redex Trophy race?
How many different constructors had Paul Thiel as a winning driver?
who is the opponent where tv is abc and game site is tampa stadium
what is the total number of opponent where date is november 23, 1980
what is the total number of kickoff [a ] where week is week
what's the week where attendance is 77,098
what's the record where attendance is 61,350
what's the record where result is l 24-10
What date was the Silverstone circuit driven?
When was the Albi circuit race driven?
Would built the winning car in the IV J.C.C. Jersey Road Race?
Who won the race at the Jersey circuit?
When did the season air where the viewership was 14.71 million?
What is the power capacity when the generators were 781?
What is the percentage of total capacity when the energy is 120.2?
What is the % of annual production of solar?
What is the number of generators where the power capicity is 78.7?
What is the % of total capacity when the generators is 4048?
If the model is  15.180e, what is the GVM (kg) Technical Capacity?
If the engine make/capacity is MWM 6.10 TCA-EURO III (Turbo Intercooler) and  GVM (kg) Technical Capacity is 23000, what is the Torque Nm@rpm?
What is the power kw@RPM of the 13.180 model?
When the transmission make/type/speed is eaton fs 5306-a manual synchromesh 6 speed, what is the value of the gcm (kg) technical capacity?
Which model possesses a transmission make/type/speed of eaton fs-6306 a manual synchromesh 6 speed?
Is drawing tablet support part of the semi-DDM class?
Is  usb re-enumeration required part of the emulated class?
Is wireless combo keyboard and mouse support part of the hub base class?
Is the drawing tablet support part of the DDM class?
Is  wireless combo keyboard and mouse support part of the DDM class?
What school or team does Al Jefferson play for?
Which forward player has the number 22?
What number does the player from Ohio play with?
During which years did player number 35 play for Jazz?
For driver Mark Skaife what is the result for race 1?
When was the game in Mexico played?
What University has the acrronym of USF
What is the acronym used for Beirut Arab University?
What is the acronym for the school whose website is ul.edu.lb
Are there registration notes on usek.edu.lb?
What year was USF founded?
What is the tournament on Jul 11?
What is the tournament of aug 29?
How many prizes were there at the transamerica?
What is the sum of the largest purse?
When was the tournament in Washington held?
How many tournaments in Texas had a purse higher than 330105.1624276874?
What is the first season written by joseph hampton & dani renee?
How many air dates are there for production code 206?
What is the title for season 2?
How many seasons was series number 47 shown?
When did the episode with production code 410 air?
What is the most series number with season 3?
What is the purse value for the New York location?
What is the largest 1st prize( $ ) at the South Carolina location?
What is the score for the Oregon location?
List all areas within 1000 km in the city of Lubelskie?
What is the population in the city of Pomorskie?
List all car plates in the capital of Wilno since the year of 1937.
List population when their car plates are 30-34.
How many points are there when the lost is 26?
WHAT TEAM CLASSIFIED IN THE STAGE WHERE BRADLEY WIGGINS WON THE POINTS CLASSIFICATION ?
IN WHAT STAGE DID ALEXANDER VINOKOUROV WON THE GENERAL CLASSIFICATION?
Name the average for spain delegate
Name the interview for peru delegate
Name the number of swimsuit for israel
What are the swimsuits for south africa?
Who were the MLB draft with the hometown Opa-locka, Fl?
How many players have the hometown Pennsauken, NJ?
Which position did the player from the hometown of Dallas, TX play?
What is the hometown of player Jason Place?
What school did the catcher attend?
What is Jay Bruce's hometown?
What school is he the catcher for?
WHAT HOMETOWN DOES HE PLAY AS THE CATCHER FOR?
WHAT POSITION DOES HE PLAY FOR AT WEST BROOK SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL?
WHAT TOWN IS WEST BROOK SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL FROM?
What position did the player from Jersey City, New Jersey play?
What offensive line player hailed from Baton Rouge, Louisiana?
What is Jeremy Hill's hometown?
How many offensive line players played for a college in Alabama?
How many players attended Hillcrest High School?
Where was the hometown for the player that attended Shanley High School?
Which player went to the college Southern California?
Which college did the player attend that went to Mission Viejo High School?
How many players hometown was Cincinnati, Ohio?
Which player's hometown was Pewaukee, Wisconsin?
How many players' hometown was Akron, Ohio?
Which player is from Utah?
Which player is from Saguaro High School?
Which player is from Joliet Catholic HIgh School?
Which school did the player then go to Auburn?
What is the hometown of trinity high school?
What position did the kid from loganville, georgia play
Where is longview high school
Where did robert nkemdiche ‡ go to college
Where is friendship collegiate charter school located
Who had an evening gown score of 9.78?
How many interviews were there for Miss Virginia?
Who had a swimsuit score of 9.87?
Who had evening gown score of 9.82?
How many ladies scored a 9.89 for the evening gown?
Who scored a 9.72 in the swimsuit?
What episode was writted by John A. Norris?
How many episodes did David Jackson write and direct?
What player attended Loyola Marymount?
How may times did a player that attended Iowa state appear on the all time roster?
What height was the player that played for the Rockets between 1992-93?
How many times did a center that attended Oral Roberts play for the Rockets?
What was the player name who came from Australia?
What is the height in ft for the rockets from 1973-78?
Which players were number 3?
What is the height in ft for number 42 for the rockets in 1993-94?
What are the players that attented long beach state?
what is the total amount of players for the rockets in 1998 only?
What is the area (square km) where the arrondissement is millau?
How many communes have the chief town as dijon?
How many communes when the arrondissement is cosne-cours-sur-loire?
what's the engine where builder is gloucester rcw and withdrawn is 1959
what's the engine where number range is 8–9, 13–16
what's the introduced where notes is 9 withdrawn in 1946 after fire
what's the builder where withdrawn is 1954–1958
what's the notes where number range is 17
what's the notes where withdrawn is 1956–57
Who was the lyricist for gopal krishna and co singer of solo?
What was the number of music directors where the suresh wadkar co singer of bhayanak?
how many times is the co-singer suresh wadkar and the film name is tera dukh mera dukh?
what are the film names with the co-singer vinod rathod?
what is the song name for the film name ganga kare insaaf?
what are the song names for the film kaal bhairav?
What was the 1845 disposal for sussex?
What was the maximum l&cr number for archimedes?
What was the type of sussex?
Where did Test Mission: War Heads and Missile Payload launch when there was a partial failure?
Which missions were scheduled to launch on November 16, 2006?
Which authority has a rocket launch called rehbar-ii?
Which authority has a rocket launch called rehnuma-8?
Which authority has a rocket launch called shahpar-2?
Which authority has a rocket launch called rehbar-5?
What denominations are the stamps with themes opera, léopold simoneau and pierrette alarie?
What kind of paper were the stamps with the theme duck decoys, barrow's golden eye printed on?
List all the themes designed by Isabelle Toussaint.
How many paper types did Ian Drolet design stamps on?
Who is the designer of the Christmas: Winter Fun (USA) stamp?
How many stamps were designed for the theme of XII Summit de la Francophonie?
Where is the first day cover cancellation for the 3 April 2008 IIHF World Championships, Quebec City stamp?
How many premier episodes were there with the title survivor's law ii?
What is the Chinese name that has a 31 average?
What is the rank of finale 37?
what is the Chinese name for Forensic heroes ii?
What numbr on the list had a peak rating of 42?
what's the electorate where election date is 16 cannot handle non-empty timestamp argument!
what's the province where member is frederick merriman category:articles with hcards
what's the election date where electorate is omata
what's the election date where member is william richmond category:articles with hcards
what's the province where member is dingley brittin category:articles with hcards
what's the election date where electorate is christchurch country
What is the county for senator C. Anthony Muse?
Who is the senator for district 24?
How many entries are shown for first elected for district 41?
What is the total amount of allied-unrelated where the component is human capital?
How many integrated allied-related are there?
What is the name of the integrated where the component are customers?
what is the integrated in which the holding allied-unrelated is many?
What is the name of the integrated where allied-related is shared?
Who were the writers for series number 20?
What is the production code for the show that aired on October 27, 1994?
Who was the director of the Series 1 episode?
Which team played on December 5?
What was the location attendance when High points was by Pierce (22)?
What date did the Bulls play the LA Lakers?
What team were the Bulls hosted by on December 7?
Who had the highest assists in game 4?
How many games was Damien Wilkins (27) the high scorer?
What is the name when born is december 30, 1957 detroit, mi?
What is the weight(lbs) when born is april 6, 1954 detroit, mi?
What is the name when the position is de and college is ohio state?
What is under drafted when pro team is arizona cardinals?
What is the position when drafted is 1974,r11,p11?
In which year was the Weight 170?
What number (#) is associated with the Name Ron Baxter?
Crockett High School had which number(#)?
Which home town was the high school Catholic University located in?
How many years have the home town of Baton Rouge, LA?
What height was the forward position at Crockett High School?
What are the commissioned for scotts, greenock and chieftain?
What is the builder launched 30 october 1944?
what is the minimum voted no where percent no is 56.6
what's the percent yes where voted yes is 2410119
what's the jurisdiction where percent yes is 43.4
what is the minimum voted yes where percent no is 68.2
what's the jurisdiction where voted no is 322971
what's the date of completion where success is yes
what's the deadline for completion where description is iphone recall within the first 3 months of release
what's the success where date of completion is september 28, 2007
what's the date of completion where deadline for completion is september 30, 2007
what is the total number of deadline for completion where description is facebook becomes a publicly traded company
what's the success where deadline for completion is october 7, 2007
The earliest year is 1996.
There are 5 imports of plywood.
What is the score for interview when the preliminaries score is 8.425?
What is the interview score when the preliminaries score is 8.400?
What is the score for swimsuit when the average is 8.791?
What is the score for the interview for the state of New York?
How many times did district of Columbia receive a score for evening gown?
What is the average score when the swimsuit score is 8.503?
What is the number of gt1 winning team for rnd 5?
What is the rnd for gt1 winning team for doc bundy andy wallace?
Name the gt1 winning team for #54 bell motorsports
What is the title of the episode that was watched by 8.92 million viewers?
How many episodes had 9.90 million viewers?
What is the series number of the episode watched by 10.89 million viewers?
What is the name of the episode written by Sheila Lawrence & Henry Alonso Myers?
What is the pick number of the defensive back?
What is the position for the pick number 17?
What is the college of the afl team of buffalo bills?
What is the position of john charles?
What is the largest pick number of the new york jets?
What is the afl team of the offensive guard?
What was the women's singles were men's doubles were steen fladberg jens peter nierhoff?
What are the mixed doubles where the mens singles is kim brodersen?
what's the first appearance where character(s) is iron man
what is the total number of publisher where cover date is may 1939
what is the total number of publisher where first appearance is daredevil #1
what's the cover date where character(s) is sandman (wesley dodds)
what's the cover date where character(s) is x-men ; magneto
what's the estimated value where cover date is august 1962
What theme placed as #3 in the finale?
What is the theme for the episode selection process?
What is the order number for songs by the original artist Luis Fonsi?
What is the song choice when the theme is not aired?
What years did Markose Bristow Madhumita Bisht win the mens singles and/or the mixed doubles?
Who won the womens doubles in 2002?
How many total titles did Rupesh Kumar Sanave Thomas and Jwala Gutta Ashwini Ponnappa win total?
In womens doubles and mens singles, what years did Arvind Bhat or Valiyaveetil Diju Jwala Gutta win?
How many titles did Trupti Murgunde claim?
What is the pennant for 4 may 1943?
What is the total number of fate for pennant of u33?
What is the fate for 11 april 1944?
What is the name for 30 september 1943?
What is the comissioned for 4 may 1943?
Who was the writters for the episode directed by Richard L. Bare, no. 8 in season?
What is the location of the tournament that the share of winning is 7000?
What year is Japan the country?
What is the year that Dewi Claire Schreefel is the champion?
What is the winners Share ($) in the year 2004?
What is the tournament location when Vicky Hurst in the champion?
What is the intergiro classification of stage 21?
What is the trofeo fast team on stage 8?
What is the general classification with the winner being evgeni berzin?
What is the intergiro classification of alexander gontchenkov?
what is total number of points where the stage is 17?
What is the status of channel 44.1?
What station has a univision network affiliation?
How many season did sportfreunde siegen win best supported club?
what are all the Canadian air dates where the u.s. air date is may 1, 2009
What is the maximum season # with a u.s. air date is may 1, 2009
What is the total number of title with a u.s. air date of April 17, 2009
what is the minimum production code
what are the u.s. air dates with a Canadian air date of may 4, 2009
Which is the charity that the background of the celebrity is heavyweight champion?
What is the original team of the celebrity who had the result 08 fired in week 10 (2008-03-06)
Which celebrity was raised 03?
What is the charity of the celebrity with the background reality star?
What is the background of the celebrity who had the result 13 the celebrity apprentice (2008-03-27)?
Where is Tamunosiki Atorudibo from
Where is Dwain Chambers from
What was the stats of Trinidad and Tobago
Name the total number of wind m/s for sunday emmanuel
Name the wind m/s and fastest time of 10.25 and jeff demps
What is the competition when aggregate is 1–4?
What is the 1st leg when club is a.c. libertas?
What is the branding of metro manila?
When was the institution of Kansas city Kansas community college founded?
What is the mascot for the instition of Kansas city Kansas community college?
How many school colors is there for the main campus location of highland?
What is the mascot for the school founded in 1923 with the school colors of blue, red & white?
What is the instition where the main campus location is overland park?
What is the name of the institution with the mascot of blue devils?
Name the people who wrote number 67
Name the number of season that was written by adam milch
Name the season number for the direction of patrick norris
Who wrote the episode when the director was dean white?
Please list the total number of title with the production code 211.
Please give me the title of Season 2, episode 1.
Provide me with the name of the writer with the production code 210.
What is the number of the original airdate with the production code 208.
What size is a 30 frames per minute
What is the size when the frame is bigger than for 4096.0
What is the smallest frames per minute when the pixels are 5.0
what's the width with frame size being 4.5k
What is the callsign of tuguegarao
What is the station type of calbayog
What is the station type of smni tv-26 naga
How many places featured the DXCL Callsign?
What was the branding in Dagupan?
What was the callsign in Zamboanga?
How much power was used when the callsign was DZYT?
What is the name of Season #15?
What is the series number for Season #18?
What was the first series in this list that Jack Orman wrote?
What is the name of the episode that Richard Thorpe directed?
Name the population of maryborough when population of woocoo is 2700
Name the most year when population of woocoo is 2700
Who was crew chief for the team owned by Bob Leavine?
Who drove for team Circle Sport?
Who drove for Phil Parsons Racing team?
Which teams used Wally Rogers as their crew chief?
What is the largest number of rounds for the team that hired Donnie Wingo as crew chief?
What is the 2007 estimate when the rank (csa) is 4
What is the 2007 estimate for tulsa-bartlesville, ok csa?
How many times was the rank (csa) was (msa 348)?
What is the rank (csa) for the percentage change (1990-2000) was a034 +8.71%?
What tourmament has Genesis won previously?
Who was the champion prior to Xix Xavant?
Who are the champions that have won at Aguas Buenas, Puerto Rico?
What's the English translation of the Japanese title of the game Ranma ½: Chougi Rambuhen?
What's the genre of Fever Ranma ½: Hot Springs Athletic Chapter?
When was the game developed by Microvision released?
What's the number of verbal nouns with the basic stem (root) -bil-?
What does the non-present stem -erama- mean?
What's the participle when the verbal noun is i-bil-tze?
What does the basic stem (root) -rama- mean?
What is the verbal noun connected to the participle e-duki?
what is the tries against where points is 60?
How many losing bonus where there when points against is 439?
what is the drawn when the won is 12?
What is the tries against when the won is 14?
How many tries for are for 473 points for?
what is the points for when the played is 22 and tries against is 68?
what's the loss with try bonus being 5 and points for being 390
what's the win with points for being 376
what's the loss with points for being 594
what's the tries against with tries for being 47
what's the won with club being ammanford rfc
how many drawn with tries against being 24
What were the drawn with points against at 416?
What was the amount won with tries against at 54?
What was the lost with tries for?
What was the points againt when played is played?
What was the tries for with tries against at 33?
What was the played with club tumble rfc?
What consoles was Shenmue released on?
Which main developer made their first release in 1991 and created the Mega Drive/Genesis console?
How many players currently play for Barons Riga?
How tall was Player #10?
What is the earliest any of these players were born?
Which player number is 2.10 meters tall?
What position was played by the player who was 2.12 meters tall?
What current conference is Post University a member of?
What institution has the nickname Penmen?
Where is the University at Albany located?
What's the classification of the institution nicknamed Dolphins?
What's the nickname of the University of Massachusetts Lowell (UMass Lowell)?
What is Ido Kozikaro's position?
What player plays center?
What are the numbers of the players currently playing for Ironi Nahariya?
What player is 2.01 m tall?
What's Yotam Halperin's position?
What current club does the player born in 1984 play for?
What is the height for player number 5?
What height is player number 9?
WHat is the number for the player whose height is 2.01?
What year was the player with the height 2.04 born?
How many players wore number 8?
What player was born in 1983?
What club does the player who is 1.97 m tall play for?
How many players are from energa czarni?
What year was Robert Skibniewski born?
What No is the player Zoran Erceg
What is the iclandic of the glossary for presenta for mi locaria
Name the english translation of giefdu mier socka bond
Name the english translation of 219
Name the incelandic of the glossary for 218
What's the type of printer ports in the model number EX Plus3?
What is the number of the model with three parallel printer ports?
What are the network protocols for the model that has been discontinued in favor of the EN1700?
How many people live in  铅山县?
What is the traditional way to write the name of the district who's area is 2331?
What is the capital of the district who's simplified name is  信州区?
How many people live in the district who's capital is  héngfēng xiàn?
What is the density of yushan county?
How many gold medals does the Choctawhatchee High School have?
How many gold medals does each school who has a total of 1 medal have?
What is the time for stage ss18?
Name the length for stage ss22
What is the number of leg for ss17
What is the leg for c. atkinson
What's the smallest number of bronze medals that any one if the ensembles has?
What is the rev of the 2003-2004 Mustang Cobra?
What is the rev for all of the  Aston Martin applications?
What is the 3rd ratio for tag number 1386-000-017 and input splines of 26?
What is the 2nd ratio of 1996-2002 Dodge Viper?
Whose address of operation was the Echirax Concession?
When was the operation in Field 103 executed?
In what country is the El Hamada area of operation?
What is the total number for 3rd place for ducati xerox?
Who is J.E. Armstrong when W.H. Archer is D.M. Lawson?
What are the fa.brill when w.h. archer is known as r. newman?
Who is h.l birkett if w.h. archer is r. cochrane?
Who is h.t. brewer when j.e. armstrong is a.j. wilson?
Who is h.t. brewer when je armstrong is c.p. greeks?
What was the air date of part 2 of the episode whose part 1 was aired on January 31, 2008?
What's the name of the episode whose part 3 aired on February 7, 2008?
What's the air date of part 1 of the episode whose part 2 aired on December 2, 2007?
How many part 6 parts are there in the episode number 5?
Name the record with opponent atlanta falcons
Name the number of opponent with arrowhead stadium
Name the date with the record of 1-0
Name the record for september 15, 1985
What's the series number of the episode that's written by Elizabeth Devine?
When was the episode directed by Carey Meyer aired for the first time?
who is the the office with incumbent being ramon r. jimenez, jr.
how many office with department being department of justice kagawaran ng katarungan
what's the department with acronym being deped (ked)
what's the department with incumbent being enrique ona
what's the acronym with department being department of finance kagawaran ng pananalapi
What's the season number of the episode watched by 0.57 million US viewers?
How many episodes were seen by 0.67 million US viewers on their original air dates?
What episode was directed by David Duchovny?
How much is the purse ( $ ) when the margin of victory is 1 stroke?
What is the number of "to par" in Mexico with a winning score of 67-67-69-70=273?
what's the 3rd day with finbeingh position being 16th
what are all the result for New York 6 district
Who were the candidates when gregory w. meeks was the incumbent
what are all the result for New York 16 district
what are all the result for New York 7 district
What party was Kevin Brady?
What district has Ron Paul?
What party does jim ramstad represent?
What year was incumbent jim ramstad first elected?
What was the result when incumbent gil gutknecht ran?
When was the incumbent Sherrod Brown first elected?
What was the result of the election in which the incumbent was first elected in 1984?
Which incumbent was first elected in 1972?
Tony P. Hall was the incumbent in the race between what two candidates?
In which district is the incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur?
What is the earliest year where the result of the election was a retired republican hold?
What party is thomas foglietta from?
who is the the opponent with district being ohio12
what's the party with opponent being mike oxley (r) unopposed
what's the party with opponent being marcy kaptur (d) 75.3% randy whitman (r) 24.7%
what's the party with opponent being deborah pryce (r) 70.7% bill buckel (d) 29.1%
how many status with first elected being 1968
what's the first elected with opponent being ralph regula (r) 75.0% j. michael finn (d) 25.0%
What district first elected in 1978?
What district was incumbent Jerry Kleczka in?
How many districts had results related to incumbent Toby Roth?
Who were the candidates in district Wisconsin 1?
Name the district of lawrence j. smith
Name the incumbent for 1954
What party was Lane Evans?
What district had elections in 1964?
Who was Henry Hyde's opponent in the race?
What Republican incumbent was elected in 1974?
what's party with result being retired to run for u. s. senate republican hold
what's result with incumbent being connie mack
what's district with candidates being lawrence j. smith (d) 69.4% joseph smith (r) 30.6%
what's incumbent with district being florida 5
what's result of first elected being 1980
How many parties is Tom Foley a member of?
What was the result of the election in the district whose incumbent is Tom Foley?
How many results have the two candidates Gene Taylor (r) 67.0% Ken Young (d) 33.0%?
Which candidates are from the Missouri 3 district?
What is the result for barney frank?
What is the number of results for james shannon?
What is the minimum first elected for ed markey?
What was the result of the election featuring ike skelton?
What district is incumbent ike skelton from?
What year was ike skelton first elected?
what is the district where the result is re-elected and the incumbent is richard kelly?
what is the district where the candidates are charles edward bennett (d) unopposed?
who are the candidates where the incumbent is sam m. gibbons?
how many times was the candidates dan mica (d) 55.3% bill james (r) 44.7%?
what was the result where the candidates are sam m. gibbons (d) unopposed?
who is the incumbent where the district is florida 9?
What is Phil Crane, democrat or republican
What year was Frank Annunzio elected
How many districts does Ed Jones represent?
What's the year of the first election of the district whose incumbent is Edwin E. Willis?
What district is F. Edward Hebert the incumbent in?
Who were the candidates in the district whose incumbent is Joe Waggonner?
What's the district that Otto Passman is the incumbent of?
What is the district that has a republican?
What party is incumbent thomas j. lane from?
What is the last year that someone is first elected in this table?
how many party with candidates being alton lennon (d) 89.0% c. dana malpass (r) 11.0%
how many first elected with district being north carolina 2
what's the incumbent with district being north carolina 6
what's the party with incumbent being herbert covington bonner
what's the district with incumbent being lawrence h. fountain
what's the candidates with party being democratic and dbeingtrict being north carolina 1
What was the result of the election of incumbent john shelley?
What candidates ran in the election that included john shelley?
What was the result of the election of the incumbent clyde doyle?
What was the result of the election in california 2?
What was the result of the election of the incumbent harry r. sheppard?
What party did Frank J. Becker represent?
What number of party had a candidate  resigned when appointed judge democratic hold?
What district did incumbent Ralph A. Gamble represent?
Who is the incumbent candidate in the election of percy priest (d) 90.8% robert m. donihi (r) 9.2%?
What district is tom j. murray from?
What candidates were in the election when james patrick sutton was incumbent?
What district has Albert Rains as their representative?
Carl Elliott is a member of which party?
How many were first elected when the incumbent was Morgan M. Moulder?
In what year was Phil J. Welch first elected?
What party was Dewey Short associated with?
What is the district with Republican party in place?
Who ran for office in the Alabama 1 district?
What year was first elected william m. wheeler (d) unopposed?
What district does  incumbent  james c. davis represent?
What district is incumbent melvin price from?
What district is incumbent sid simpson from?
Who was the candidate in the election in the Tennessee 9 district?
When was the Tennessee 3 district incumbent first elected?
What district was Harold Earthman the incumbent in?
Name the result for new york 1
Name the first elected for lost renomination democratic loss
How many results have Jere Cooper as incumbent?
Who won the election of 1942 in the district Illinois 13?
Who ran for the House in the 1924 election?
What year was Stephen Pace elected?
How many incumbents were elected in the 1926 election?
Who were the candidates when Noble Jones Gregory was incumbent?
What is the district for harry lane englebright?
What is the result for california 2?
What is the party for richard j. welch?
How many winners were there in the race of 1922
Who was the incumbent when henry e. barbour ran?
how many party with incumbent being whitmell p. martin
who is the the candidates with incumbent being james o'connor
how many incumbent with first elected being 1924
Name the incumbent for kentucky 9
Name the party or first elected is 1920
What is the candidates for first elected 1914
What was the result of the election for incumbent Cordell Hull?
Cordell Hull is the incumbent in how many districts?
What was the total number of votes for Tom Connally
What year was incumbent william f. stevenson first elected?
What is the last year on this list someone was first elected?
What candidate was featured in the election for incumbent samuel j. nicholls' seat?
What is the last year incumbent frederick h. dominick was first elected?
Who were the candidates when the winner was first elected in 1910?
What was the winning party when the incumbent was richard s. whaley?
How many different set of candidates were there when the incumbent was david e. finley?
What was the winning part in the district of South Carolina 3?
Who were the candidates in the district of South Carolina 5?
When was incumbent John N. Tillman first elected?
What was the location and attendance when the team's record was 16-44?
What day was the game at chicago?
Who were the high point scorers in game 7?
Who had the high rebound total against golden state?
how many times have there been helps by damon stoudamire (13)
who made the recovers where the score is 12-30
tell who made the most scores on new jersey
how many times was the participation at omni coliseum 7,194?
The minimum average number of dancers is 34.1 how many times
What is the Number of dances is 11 and competition finish is larger than 2.0 total
Who is the club that has 30 points?
What were all the tries for when the try bonus was 8?
What were the points for when there were 30 tries against?
How many numbers were recorded points against  when the tries were for 43?
What are the tries against  when points against 287?
What were all the points for Tonyrefail RFC?
Pink cytoplasm is seen in a test that specifically stains what?
How many cytoplasms result in a blue nucleus?
A nucleus that is blue/black will specifically stain what?
The pink cytoplasm will have a nucleus of what color?
What stain is used commonly for elastic fibers?
where is hte second place winner from united kingdom?
how many locations has spain as the winner?
who is the artist performing at heineken music hall?
what amount has spain as second place and the language is russian?
how many Curtiss XBTC aircraft are retired?
How many Airspeed Fleet Shadower aircraft are retired?
What is the origin of aircraft in service in 1943 and retired in 1954?
Who was the winner when the time was 1:24.00?
How many results were there for the Stan Fox Stakes race?
Was the rosehill venue a win or loss?
what is the minimum total with kerry % being 16.71%
what is the minimum kerry # with bush % being 78.40%
what's the kerry # with county being ness county, kansas
how many total with bush # being 1552
what is the minimum bush # with kerry # being 3938
how many total with county being rooks county, kansas
In which district was the incumbent Dick Saslaw?
What was the 2007 result in the district where the incumbent was elected in 1996?
What was the 2007 result in the 28th district?
In what district was the incumbent Charles Hawkins?
What's the number of the game played on March 26?
How many different values if the number is high rebounds can be found for the game on March 13?
Who ihad the highest points and what was the number when the record was 11-40?
Who did the Raptors play when their record was 45-36?
What number game of the season was played on April 12?
How many votes were cast in Wayne county?
In the county where Bush won 77.76%, how many total votes were cast?
In the country where Bush won 4333 votes, what percentage did other receive?
Who was the TO winning team when the TU winning team was Joe Richardson?
On what circuit was the GTU winning team #59 Brumos Porsche - Audi in round 5?
Who was the GTU winning team when the TO winning team was #3 Camaro?
Who was the GTU winning team when the TO winning team was Steve Ross?
Who was the GTO winning team in round 5 when the GTU winning team was #59 Brumos Porsche - Audi?
Who was the GTO winning team when the TO winning team was #84 Camaro?
Name the results for steve millen
What is the most rnd for watkins glen?
What was the GTP winning team in the round in Portland during which Jack Baldwin become part of the GTU winning team?
What us the number of the round during which #56 Blue Thunder Racing become the GTP winning team and #38 Mandeville Auto Tech became the GTO winning team?
How many different results came out of the round in which #98 All American Racers became the GTU winning team?
Who was the GTO winner of the round that ended with Chris Cord becoming the GTU winner?
what are all the uu-usu score with winner is #5 brigham young (2–0)
what is the maximum season with byu-usu score being 29–7
what is the maximum season with byu-uu score being 20–17 byu #19
how many byu-uu score with winner being utah state (2–1) won over byu by media vote
what's the byu-uu score with uu-usu score being 44–16
What are all the languages for tsotsi?
What year featured the film tsotsi?
What was the result for the film life, above all?
What numer pick in the draft for jerry hill?
What kicker was drafted?
What team drafted steve scifres?
What year was jerry marion drafted?
What numer pick in the draft for jerry marion
what's the record with high points being dwyane wade (27) and location attendance being arco arena
how many high assists with record being 15-11
who had high points on december 3
who had high rebounds when score is w 111–92 (ot)
who had all the high rebounds when high assists is by dwyane wade (9)
what's the record with date being december 29
What is the smallest population recorded back in 2002?
what's the position with artbeingt being jim reeves
what's the highest position with artbeingt being frankie avalon
what's the song title with artbeingt being pat boone
what is the minimum highest position with artbeingt being paul evans
Who was responsible and what was the number for the high rebounds on December 22?
What is the record where the score is w 102–81 (ot)?
Who had the high points dated march 13?
Who had the most high points and rebounds than charles oakley (9)?
who is the the incumbent with opponent being anthony weiner (d) unopposed
who is the the incumbent with opponent being peter king (r) 56.0% david mejias (d) 44.0%
what's the district with party being republican and elected being 1998
what is the minimum district with incumbent being tom reynolds
what's the status with incumbent being eliot engel
Name the number of women's doubles for 1986
what was the lowest numbers for the winner gregory w. meeks
What is the frequency of the model whose part number is ado520biaa5do?
When's the release date of the model with part number adh485biaa5do?
What is the HT value of threw Athlon x2 5200b model?
How many different frequencies does the model with part number ado540biaa5do?
What is the entire inhabitants in Southeast Asia?
what is the minimum average with highest being 2363
what is the minimum lowest with highest being 2363
what's the team with stadium being glebe park
What's the production code of the episode with a series number 37b?
On what date did the episode with a series number 31, with a story written by William Reiss, air for the first time?
When did the episode with season number 10b air for the first time?
When did the episode with series number 29a originally air?
How many episodes have been directed and written by Darrick Bachman and Brett Varon?
What is the population density in the Brighton area?
How many people live in the area of Sorell according to the Census of 2011?
what is the number of area where the county is marsabit?
what is the code of population census 2009 is 1356301?
What's the tries against count of the team with 396 points against?
How many points does the club with a try bonus of 10 have?
What's the tries for count for the team with 70 points?
How many clubs have a try bonus value of 5?
What's the losing bonus count for the club with 9 won games?
How many tries for does Pontardawe RFC have?
How many home losses occured when PF 13?
How many copoes per particle are created in the segment that forms inner shell of the core?
How many copies per particle are created by the enterotoxin?
How many base pairs are there if the molecular weight is 102?
How many copies per particle are there for the base pair that is size 1059?
what is the minimum attendance with stadium being cotton bowl
what's the opponent with stadium being jeppesen stadium
what's the stadium with record being 1–1
how many attendance with stadium being cotton bowl
what's the result with opponent being at oakland raiders
what is the minimum attendance with record being 4–6
What's Yurchikhin Fyodor Yurchikhin's number?
How long was the walk numbered at 17?
How many agencies did Budarin Nikolai Budarin working for?
What agency does Anderson Clayton Anderson work for?
what's the year with change being +8.0%
what's the domestic freight with change being +8.0%
what is the maximum international mail with total freight and mail being 145044
The results for gt2 winning team is all lars-erik nielsen allan simonsen richard westbrook.
Jos verstappen jeroen bleekemolen is on Imp2 winning team where all are rnd.
what is the minimum population with canton being redange
how many canton with commune being waldbillig
What is the arrival time of greenbat
Which number has Engine Shed as the location
What is the name with the builder of Kerr Stuart
Who is the builder for the location Irton Road shed
Whats the status of the trains at location Museum
How many are named River Esk
timothy truman worked on what dates
timothy truman worked on what books
elaine lee worked on how many issues
what's the regionalliga nord with regionalliga süd being 1. fc nuremberg spvgg greuther fürth
what's the season with regionalliga nord being vfb oldenburg
what's the regionalliga nord with regionalliga west/südwest being fc gütersloh rot-weiß essen
what's the season with regionalliga west/südwest being arminia bielefeld
what's the regionalliga west/südwest with regionalliga süd being stuttgarter kickers
When Spencer is the county  what is total of the population (2010) (rank)?
When Vincennes is the county seat what is the area sq mi (km 2 ) (rank) ?
When the  area sq mi (km 2 ) (rank) is sqmi (km2) (5) what is the  population (2010) (rank)?
When the % of boundary by water is 63% what is the overall number of zip code prefix(es)?
When Spencer is the county what is the  in no.?
Name the oberliga hessen for sv sandhausen and fsv salmrohr
Name the oberliga for where tsv 1860 munich and borussia neunkirchen
Name the oberliga sudwest for spvgg unterhaching for 1988-89
Name the season for spvgg bayreuth and fsv salmrohr
Name the oberliga bayern for sv sandhausen for 1986-87
During the quarter of 2012 Q2, how many millions of Blackberry OS phones where shipped when 0.1 million others were shipped?
During the quarter 2012 Q4, how many millions of android phones were shipped?
How many million of windows phones were shipped during the quarter that shipped 216.2 million total?
How many total smartphones were shipped during the quarter 2012 Q1?
How many millions of Blackberry OS smartphones were shipped when 10.4 million Symbian smartphones were shipped?
How man "other" millions of smartphones were shipped when 181.1 million total were shipped?
What is the load bearing capacity when the name is Camelus Dromedarius
What is the division for the year 2006?
What was the playoff result for the team name of bay area seals
Where did the team finish in the season when the playoff result was divisional finals.
What is the playoff result when the league is USISL and the regular season record is 1st, pacific.
How many divisions have been won when the playoff result is conference quarterfinals.
What was the lowest home attendance for the southern derby?
What was the result when the team had contested 14 home games?
What was the result when the team was 4-1?
picturesque and trekking route is the category what is the height from sea level in meters?
If extremely adventures is the category what is the height from sea level in meters?
if 22km is the trekking route what is  height from sea level in meters?
If the place is hemkunt sahib what is the category?
What is the density in places where the 2011 census gives a population of 5402?
What is the area in kilometers squared the population density is 137.61?
How many places according to the 2011 census of whatever population have an area of 132.79 kilometers squared?
How many places of whatever size have a 2007 population estimation of 7996?
What is the 3utr sequence when the genbank id is hq021437?
What is the coding for hq021442 genbankid?
What is the 3'utr sequence with a variant id of ad'6a 4?
What is the 3'utr sequence with a variant id of acd'6a 3?
Who is the director of the episode that corresponds to the total episodes number 14?
What's the title of the episode that Rob Heyland wrote?
What number from the total number of episodes is the episode written by Julian Unthank?
How many touchdowns did Redden score?
What was the most extra points?
What position did the player who scored 4 extra points play?
How many points where scored by the right end?
How many Games Started are there for Hugh White ?
How many entries are there for Class for the player Everett Sweeley?
How many entries are there for class when the prior experience is shasta h.s.
What is hugh white's weight?
How many field goals did Walter Shaw make?
How many field goals were made by the person with 100 points in total?
How many touchdowns were made by the person with 7 extra points?
How many touchdowns did Albert Herrnstein make?
How many touchdowns did Bruce Shorts make?
How many players made 4 touchdowns?
Name all the players for fullback
Name the position for shorts
Which player made 4 touchdowns while playing left halfback?
Which left end player made the most points?
What is the least amount of points made by Herrnstein?
What is the least amount of field goals made by a player?
Which position did Redden play?
What is the least amount of extra points made in by a player?
What is the previous experience of the player from East Jordan, Michigan?
What was the class of the player who played right tackle?
How many players are from Sioux City, Iowa?
Where is George W. Gregory from?
What was George W. Gregory's class?
what is the maximum number of points?
was herb graver a starter?
Which player scored 14 touchdowns?
How many points did Duncan Thompson score?
What is the highest number of extra points?
What players played the position of left tackle?
How many field goals were made by someone playing position of right end?
Which players have made a total of 12 extra points?
Which positions have made 4 touchdowns?
When the total points are 22 how many total touchdowns have been made?
How many points were scored by someone who's position was right tackle?
What is the least amount of touchdowns scored on the chart?
How many points were scored by Rolla Bigelow?
How many touchdowns were scored by players who scored more than 5.0 extra points?
What is the lowest amount of field goals on the chart?
Name the least points for patrick
Name the starter for schulte
Name the total number of points for the right end
Name the number of players when starter is no and touchdowns is 1 for right halfback
What was the series number of the episode directed by Rob Bailey?
Name the timeslot for season 5
What is the area of Colonsay Island?
How many ties were there for game 36 started?
What is the winning pct for jersey 15?
Who is the quarter back for a winning pct of .792
How many lost games for jersey number 2 and games started is less than 7.0?
Name the total number of date of vacancy for manner of departure being resigned and outgoing manager is geninho
Who led the points classification when Roman Kreuziger led the young rider classification?
Who won the stage when Fumiyuki Beppu won the combativity award?
Who won stage 18?
Who won the stage when Mark Cavendish led the points classification, Rinaldo Nocentini led the general classification, and the stage was less than 11.0?
Name the 1st m for nor
Name the 2nd m for gregor schlierenzauer
Name the number of overall nt points for 248.9
How many times has the playoff been 1 in the contest for the afc cup?
How many times has the points total for the afc cup competion been 289?
When the group stage has been 4 what is the largest playoff?
What is the date the successor was seated for the georgia 6th district?
How many successors are from the georgia 2nd district?
Show all the time(et) where the opponent is the Cincinnati Bengals.
List the total number of records from Lambeau Field.
Who was the opposing team played at Riverfront Stadium?
How many days were the Kansas City Chiefs the opposing team?
How many teams named argentina?
How many times did argentina win?
What is the number of s sikh where 955 is the number of buddhists?
How many buddhists are where s jain have 941?
What is the christian amount where work participation rate is the composition?
How many s hindu are where buddhists are 955?
What is the data point for s hindu where the buddhist data point is 73.0%?
How many data points for chrstians are 39.7?
Name the hometown for ventrell jenkins
Name the class when position is rt
Which players college is Tennessee?
What college did Byron Williams attend?
What is the lowest pick number?
What position is Jessie Clark?
What frequency does Chihuahua Sinaloa Durango cover?
How many times does the call sign XEZV appear?
What languages are spoken when call sign XEJAM is used?
Who shot an 80 in round 3
What is the highest score of round 1 where they also shot 90 in round 2
What position did Dave Johnson play?
What is Bernie Germain's nationality?
What player was picked by the Minnesota North Stars?
What position did Marty Gateman play?
What was the position of the player picked by the Montreal Canadiens?
the california golden seals that where drafted by nhl teams played what positions
what country was the player drafted by the toronto maple leafs
The los angeles kings drafted what player in the 7th round
How many players had been drafted in front of Yves archambault
Serge Beaudoin was drafted when in the 1972 NHL draft
What NHL team drafted Rob Palmer?
What player was drafted by the Chicago Black Hawks?
What country did Derek Black come from?
What team did Derek Black Play for prior to being drafted?
At maximum, what are our goals?
When the team scored 17 and Slavija placed second, what year was it?
Name the change 2009 to 2010 where international tourist arrivals is 9.4 million
Name the international tourist arrivals for arrivals 2011 for 8.1 million
How many tourist arrivals occurred in 2011 in the country of Italy?
Which country has a rank of 5?
What rank is associated with Germany?
Name the number of ranks for international tourist arrivals being 6.2 million
Name the number of ranks for south korea
What is the minimum stolen ends for the locale Alberta?
What was the inroductory phase for the episode with production code 4005?
What was the inroductory phase for the episode with neil shubin as a guest?
What was the inroductory phase for the episode that originally aired january 21?
How many series had 18.77 million viewers?
How many roles include George Broderick in the casino 1888 theater?
What is the total of roles that George Olmi plays in Savoy & Casino Theatre 1888?
Who plays Overton Moyle in casino theatre 1888 & savoy theatre 1906?
Name the losses for general caballero zc
Name the most draws when wins is 3
Name the number of played for 16
Name the population 1891 for area being 175836
Name the administrative county being area of 422372
Name the area for administrative county being flintshire
Name the number of administrative county for area 1961 and 176694
How many couples won the Mixed Doubles in 1997?
Name the number of week for game site being memorial stadium for buffalo bills
Name the opponent for october 2, 1983
Name the least week for september 25, 1983
Name the total number of weeks for at cleveland browns
Name the record for result of  l 17–50
what's the record with result being w 52–19
how many result with opponent being cleveland browns
what's the result with opponent being at new england patriots
what's the record with result being w 21–7
what's the date with attendance being 40657
Name the attendance for september 19, 1976
Name the number of record when attendance is 44023
Name the least week for september 19, 1976
Name the record when attendance 42827
Name the date when week is 9
What year was taxidermia nominated?
Who is the director for diary for my loves?
Was diary for my loves nominated?
Who is the director for the witman boys?
Name the game site for december 12, 1965
Name the total number of game sites for chicago bears
Name the result for november 14, 1965
Where was the game against Atlanta Falcons held?
What date was week 2?
Name the place of the jury of 5
Name the jury of 10 points
Name the artist of 2 draw
Name the least draw for elena dermidjean
What was the competition when there was no competition for mens doubles?
Who won the mixed doubles in 1998?
How many colleges did the player picked 57 attend?
How many heights does chad henne have?
Name the recopa sudamericana 1992 for did not qualify for libertadores 1992 and round of 16 for bragantino
Name the copa libertadores 1992 for round of 16 and team of fluminense
Name the team for copa conmebol 1992 is round of 16
What league were they in in 2009?
What was the playoff result when they finished 5th, north in the regular sesason?
Which player's results were T6 in the PGA Ch., T4 in the Masters and T8 at the U.S. Open?
What is the result at the Masters for the player who finished R16 at the PGA Ch.?
What was the player's result at the U.S. Open of the player who finished 6th at the Open Ch?
The Rainbow District School Board is associated with what type?
Where are all school boards associated with a number of elementary schools of 96?
Which headquarters are associated with the school board Renfrew County Catholic District School Board?
What is the swimsuit score for the item that has 7.61 as evening gown
Which province got a swimsuit score of 8.43
Which province has evening gown score of 7.61
How many averages for the province with evening gown score of 8.00
How many provinces have evening gown score of 8.49
which electorate is 54787 of the constituency
in electorate of 83850 what is the minimum s split vote
What is the lead percentage when the socialist is at 35.5%?
What was the margin of victory at the Hawaiian Open tournament?
What was the margin of victory at the Mercedes Championships?
Name the tfl-yds for no-yds 1-0
Name the solo when name is briggs, diyral
Name the gp for ff being 0 and qbh being 1
When the division is Division 2 men what is the champion score?
Name the least spirou
Name the home team when away team is kilmarnock
Name the least attendance
Kitchen knives is segment a of what episode?
When segment b is dining room tables what is segment d?
When marshmallow cookies is segment b what episode is it on netflix?
When cardboard boxes is segment c what is segment a?
Name the number of episodes for s hacksaw
Name the number of series episode for s piston
Name the segment c for paint rollers
Name the segment a for 8-08
Name the segment b for graphite s fly rod
Who won the race at Magny-Cours
Which round was the circuit Assen
How many people won in No. 12
Which countries won by 9 strokes?
What purses had a winners share equal to $428650?
At what venues did Lorena Ochoa win the championship?
What episode number is presented by Ben Okri ?
What was the UK broadcast date for the episode presented by Buck Henry?
What is the input clock (mhz) for s-spec number sk096?
What is the voltage range (v) if the clock multiplier is 3x or 2x mode and part number is a80486dx4wb-100?
What is the part number for s-spec number sk096?
What is the clock multiplier if the voltage range (v) is 3.3 - 3.6; input clock (mhz) is 33 x 3 / 50 x 2; and part number is a80486dx4-100?
What is the processor speed (mhz) for part number a80486dx4-75?
Tell me the least amount of democratic colation
What is the least amount of league of communists where municipality is mojkovac
How many league of communists have the municipality of bar?
How many league of communists have the people's party at 7?
Name the poles for 2011
Name the rdiers for jir team scot motogp
Name the class for makoto tamada and races is 17
Name the most wins
Which college did Dean Kirkland go to
Which player went to Pittsburg State
Who was the highest pick
Who was the highest picked defensive end
How many players named Dean Kirkland were picked
How many metropolitan boroughs have dorridge as a station?
What's the biggest zone?
What is the mass of the element with a nuclide that is 169 tm?
What is the total number of N for the element with nuclide of 141 pr?
What is the name of the element with isotopic mass of 158.925 34(2)?
The theme year they were born belongs to what artist?
How many songs were sung by queen?
Name the glass bulb color for ordinary
Name the most ceiling temperature for intermediate
Name the most ceiling temperature for very extra high
When did the playoffs reached Conference Finals?
What was the regular season from year 2012?
Which teams had a difference of 8 between goals scored and goals conceeded
Which teams had 10 goals scored against them
What is the original air date for episode 17 in the season?
What is the original air date for the episode directed by Peter Woeste?
What is the title for episode number 7 in the season?
Name the total number of number disc for jimmy kaufman
Name the minimum number disc for number in series for 14
Name the maximum number of disc for bill gereghty
Name the total number of length minutes for number in series for 17
What is the best finish where the scoring rank is 97?
What is the minimum number of wins?
How many different second members were there when John rudhale was first member?
What date was parliament assembled when John rudhale was first member?
Name the school/club team when season is 2009-2011
Name the name for san beda
Name the position for san beda
Name the name of the state
Namethe school team for season 2008
Nametheh school team for norman gonzales
Name the points for  pontrhydyfen rfc
Name the try bonus and tries for 30
Name the points for where lost is 4
Name the number when acquisition via far eastern
Name the season when the number is 9
Name the name for visayas
Name the school/club team for 9
What are all the schools that use the colors maroon and white
Middletown High School uses which colors
What league does the team with the nickname Cavaliers belong to
In what division will you find the team nicknamed the Silver Eagles
What league does Delaware Military Academy belong to
Name the number of districts for december 1799
Name the vacator for took seat being january 29, 1813
Name the most number of s eva
Name the total number of luna blastoff date for apollo 11
Name the mission name for 21 november 1969
Name the lunar landing site for 19 november 1969
Name the mission name for ocean of storms
What award did team 679 win?
Which number belonged to the school team from Arizona?
What is the latest number of the guard position from the Wake Forest school team?
List all years in Orlando where Jeryl Sasser was a player.
WHAT WAS THE NUMBER OF THE ONLY FORWARD-CENTER TO MAKE THE ROSTER?
WHAT WAS THE JERSEY NUMBER OF THE ROSTER PLAYER FROM OKLAHOMA STATE WHO PLAYED GUARD?
WHO IS THE PLAYER(S) ON THE ROSTER FROM SCHOOL/CLUB TEAM ARIZONA?
What is the fleet size of the airline which has a callsign of cool red?
How large is the fleet size of the airline with the IATA code of 5j?
Which year did the Angeles City based airline begin operations?
When did the oldest airline start operations?
Where is the headquarters of the airline which has the ICAO code of AAU?
How much uranium did Russia use in 2006 to 2008?
Which country mines 24.0% of the world demand of uranium?
What is the deficit (-surplus) of the country who use 5.2% of the world demand of uranium?
What is the  indigenous mining production of the country that uses 3.4% of the world demand?
What is the deficit (-surplus) of France?
Name the pictorials when the interview subject is steve jobs
Name the 20 questions when centerfold model is cherie witter
Name the number of pictorials for 5-85
Name the centerfold model when interview subject is steve jobs
Which date contained Aubrey O'Day as the cover model?
Who were the cover models in the edition that included Benicio Del Toro as the interview subject?
How many cover models were on the edition that featured Jennifer Pershing as the centerfold?
What season number corresponds to series number 102?
What was the title when there were 14.39 million viewers?
Who was the writer when there were 15.85 million US viewers?
How many years did notre dame participate?
When colgate is the team how many times did they place fourth?
When the team is lake superior state how many times did they place fourth?
When the team is yale what is max amount of times they placed fourth?
When the team is Toronto how many times did they place third?
What is the current streak against TCU?
What is the at Manhattan record against TCU?
What is the airdate when the director is george spenton-foster
Name the msot episode that was adapted by leon griffiths
Name the number of episodes for alan nourse
Which viewers have the language of troff (typesetter runoff) , groff (gnu runoff)?
Who is the creator when the view happens to gddm, afp viewer?
WHERE THE THEME WAS "YEAR THEY WERE BORN," WHAT THE TOTAL NUMBER OF RESULTS?
WHAT IS THE RESULT FOR THE SONG WHERE THE ORIGINAL ARTIST IS BETTY EVERETT?
WHAT WAS HER SONG CHOICE WHEN THE WEEK WAS TOP 10?
WHERE THE WEEK NUMBER WAS TOP 8, WHAT WAS THE THEME?
What is the location and what is the attendance of game 38?
What was the games score on January 11?
What is the score of game 33?
Who had the most assist when the opponent was Cleveland?
What was the score of the game played on January 19?
What is the Raptors' record against New Jersey?
Name for the high rebounds when score is  w 105–91 (ot)
What is the order number for the theme of Mariah Carey?
Who is the original artist for the theme "Year they were born?"
What theme name has the original artist of Dolly Parton?
How many themes have the original artist of Judy Garland?
What is the original airdate when the season number is 4?
What is the smallest number of European Parliament sets when the international affiliation is global greens, egp?
How many categories of Senate Seats does Emile Roemer have?
Name the least road wins
Name the maximum mum  l is less than 6.0
What is the highest value for race?
Which podiums have a final placing of 10th?
What is the total number of poles values in the Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup with a 10th final placing?
Name the total number of record for 27
Name the high assists for december 14
Name the high assists for delta center 19,639
Name the score for washington
Name the team for november 9
Name the most game for december 22
Name the score for december 28
What country has the Sky Calcio 2 tv service?
Does the sky calcio 6 hd have PPV?
Do the Sky Calcio 5 channels have PPV?
Name the country for sky primafila 7 hd
Name the number of package/option for sky primafila 24
Name the hdtv when number is 378
Name the hdtv for sky primafila 17
Name the television service when primafila hot club
Name the number for fox news channel
Name the dar for cinese
Name the language for fox business network
Name the package/option for giappone
Name the package/option for number being 543
Name the aspect ratio for 720
Name the number of horizontal when framerate hz is 25
Name the mccain % for dukes
Name the number of counties for obama votes for 49558
Name the number of others votes for when others % is 2.0%
Which series number had the production code of 116
Whats the title of the episode with production code 109
How many episodes were written by Jack Burditt & Robert Carlock
How many episodes had an original air date with 5.1 million viewers
Who wrote the episode that was directed by Dennie Gordon
What septembers are 17.1 in December?
March 0.41 in July?
What september has 10.35 in November?
January 7.34 where is June ?
What December is 8.77 in January
What is the genre for the hot fm station?
What is the frequency of hot fm?
What is the name of the station where the language is tamil malay?
Who operates the xfm station?
What is the language of the malacca fm station?
What is the station that is transmitted at 20 kw and has a frequency of 48 uhf?
How many stations have a 35 uhf frequency?
What are the site(s) for tv station 8tv?
What are the network(s) for tv1?
How many stations are transmitted on frequency 7 uhf?
What site(s) for tv station tv3?
Name the number of headphone class for sr100
Name what succeeded by for foam
Name the headphone model for succeeded by sr125
Name the driver matched db for joseph grado signature
At which stadiums was attendance total 79176?
how many times were points counted for fk prienai
what is the highest number of draws for sveikata kybartai
What are the total number of losses for the team who has conceded 22?
What is the amount of points for the team with 13 wins?
How many draws did švyturys Klaipėda have?
What position did the team with 3 losses finish?
How many points did piritas klaipėda get?
How many wins did the team with 42 points get?
How many total goals were scored in games where goals conceded was 35?
What is the fewest number of games played?
How many games were lost when the goals scored was 37?
What type of government does Kyrgyzstan have?
How economically free is the country of Armenia?
How much freedom can did the people of Guinea experience in 2013?
How many freedom indices does the country of Austria have?
How many times was the incumbent elected in Washington 4 district?
What is the status of the district where the result is 63% 37%?
Who are the candidates in Washington 1 district?
How many groups of candidates are there in there in the district where the incumbent is Doc Hastings?
What is the highest number of Counties carries?
How many state delegates did Candidate Mitt Romney have?
Candidate John Mccain had how many delegates?
What's the percentage when the state delegate is 1662?
What series was sorted at number 3?
What was the doctor for sorted series 6eb/b?
What was the doctor when the author was Gary Hopkins category:articles with hcards?
Name the municpality for 57 populaton
Name the population for sørvágur
Name the minimum inhabitants for markatal 49
How many events have a time of 1:48.322?
How many years have a time of 1:42.086?
Which college did Leon Perry attend?
What is the NFL team for the player who's college was Norfolk State?
Which player was pick number 150?
What college did the defensive back attend?
What is the NFL team for the player who's college was North Carolina?
What is the pick number for the player Garry Lewis?
What is the home team that played on M.C.G. grounds?
What was the home team score when Brisbane lions was the home team?
When was the game played on Manuka Oval?
What was the score for the home team when the away team was Sydney?
What were the home team scores at york park?
How many locations were there when sydney was the home team?
What were the home team scores when carlton was the home team?
What were all the away teams when the crowd was 13304?
Name the least established
Name the most official number for tf1 # being 42
What was the nickname Established in 2002?
What school location had an enrollment of 12400?
How many teams were established at University of Maryland?
what is the enrollment for the Cavaliers?
What is the smallest number of enrolled students?
What is the debut album for the artist with the winning song kemenangan hati?
How many winners had a debut album titled "mike"?
What is the winning song for the artist with a debut album "the winner"?
What is the winning song for the artist with a debut album "mike"?
How many debut albums did mike mohede have?
What is the minimum of 25 to 29?
What is the minimum if 40 to 44?
What vfl club(s) did players who played 23 cfl games play for?
What locations did sid o'neill play football?
What vfl club(s) for players ranked sergeant, 8th brigade australian field artillery at time of death?
How many players named paddy rowan?
How many numbers were recorde under 50s when there was 2 matches?
What was the score when Donald Bradman in 9 innings?
What is the highest number of matches?
How many numbers were recorded under matches with Arthur Morris?
How many teams were there with a high score of 143?
How many titles does Episode 2 have
What is the title of Episode #2
How many directors did Episode #3 have
What position is the player drafted with pick 34?
How many colleges did the player drafted at 36 attend?
How many colleges did Jon Gott attend?
Where did Dante Luciani attend college?
What teak was Brady Browne drafted onto?
Who was the writer of the episode number in series 4?
What is the original air date for the episode written by Bob Goodman?
Name the number air date for 14.20 us viewers
Name the directed by for 15.15 viewers
Name the number of giants points for opponents being 31
Name the most attendance for giants points of 10
What is the distance for jockey Kent Desormeaux on 6/7/08?
At 1:48.16 what was the number of track time?
With a date of 8/3/08, what was the length of the victory margin?
On what date did the opponents win with 17 points?
What record was reached when the Eagles played the Phoenix Cardinals?
How many times in 1984 did the Falcons play the Los Angeles Rams?
In 1984, Did the Falcons have a win or loss against the New Orleans Saints?
Did the Falcons have a win or loss in the game when their record was 3-7?
what is the attendance where the game site is kingdome?
what date is the opponent is chicago bears?
What team has draft picks from Mississippi?
How many positions drafted players from Washington?
How many draft picks are there at the Defensive End position?
How many draft picks are there at the linebacker position?
What draft pick was Chris Brewer?
How many losses did the Michigan State Spartans have?
How many wins did the Northwestern Wildcats?
What institution had 6 wins and a current streak of won 2?
Who are all the opponents of Slovakia?
What is the name of the round against the opponents jesse huta galung peter wessels?
Are there SPI on the number 7 cylinder?
What is the minimum number of bypass ports listed?
Is there a tapered grind on the Surestart engine?
How many bypass boosters are there on the engine with slit exhaust ports and SPI is yes?
How many times did Saxby Chambliss have a lead margin of 21?
Name the least tries for when w is 4
What is the total points when the point difference is +119?
What is the points for when the total points is 6?
What club has 693 points for?
How many wins does the club with 565 points for have?
How many losses does Cross Keys RFC have?
How many losses does the club with 539 points for have?
How many hectars of land is in Kaxholmen?
How many codes have a population of 598 in Vellinge Municipality?
Which urban area has the code 4870?
How many people live in an area of 30.94 hectares?
How many hectares of land area is Landsbro?
Name the total with one hand clean and jerk is 87.5 and snatch is 87.5
Name the snatch when body weight is 73.7
Name the 3 where weightlifter is m. van der goten ( bel )
What are Wells Fargo's assets?
Which company had profits of 26.9?
Which company has a market value of 147.4?
When the assets are 2,550, what is the Market Value?
What are the assets for company who's headquarters are located in Brazil?
Name the population density when barangay is tiptip
Name the least population 2007 for barangay is poblacion ii
Name the score for philadelphia flyers
Nam the opponent for prudential center
Name the location for 15046 attendance
How many people attended the Edmonton Oilers game?
How many points were made in game 70?
Who was the opponent in the game where 19041 people attended?
How many records were made on March 27, 2009?
What was the score on March 21, 2009?
Name the date for margalita chakhnashvili salome devidze
Name the most points for independiente
Name the original air date of 1/2 in season
Name the original air date for number in season being 13
Namee the title for production code for 4014
Name the title for number in season 9
Name who wrote the episode that had 7.56 million viewers
Name the wins for best finish being 2nd
Name the most earnings for money list rank being 143
Nme the most cuts made for wins being 0
Name the wins for tournaments played being 14
Against which team was game 21?
Name the replaced by where date of vacancy is 31 december 2008 where position in table is 1st
Name the replaced by for position in table is 1st
Name the position in table for 1 july 2008 when manner of departure is resigned
Name the replaced by when outgoing manager is kent nielsen
Name the outgoing manager for position in table being 11th
Name the most  number of leitrim
Name the least yes for dublin south
In how many game was the attendance at Staples Center 18,997?
How many different games had David Lee (13) with High rebounds?
Which date did Chris Duhon (13) receive high assists?
Name the high rebounds for memphis
Name the team for chris duhon , nate robinson , david lee (3)
Name the most wins where position is 16th
Name the total number when avg start is 2000
Name the most poles
Name the indanapolis concerts for dr. alexandre manette
Name the brighton cast for jerry cruncher
Name the sarasota samantha sharpe
Name the indianapolis concerts for les minski
Name the brighton cast for andrew verala
Name the indianapolis concerts for paul baker
when the population was 1599, what was the census ranking?
What is the name of the parish where the area is 508.30?
at area 191.43 what is the total number of census ranking?
At census ranking 1,184 of 5,008, what was the minimum population?
at the area of 113.12, what was the population?
What is the status for Saint George?
What is the area in km2 for Dufferin?
How many areas are named West Isles?
How many areas of 375.06 km 2 have a census ranking?
What is the census ranking when the area is 78.67 ?
Who had high assists on March 15?
What team played on March 20?
How many times did Viorel Moldovan replaced a manager?
What was the date of vacancy when Viorel Moldovan replaced a manager?
Who replaced the manager on Team Cfr Cluj?
Who was the outgoing manager replaced by Marian Bucurescu?
What was the manner of departure of Nicolae Manea?
What was the score on game number 12?
What was the record when Canty (5) was the high assists?
How many players received high points where location/attendance was UIC Pavilion 6,304 respectively?
On what date did Canty (6) receive high assists?
Which game number had a location/attendance of US Airways Center 7,311 respectively?
On which date was the record 1-4?
What is the population in Westfield?
What is the Area KM 2 of the place that has a Census ranking of 1,016 of 5,008?
What is the Area KM 2 of the place that has a Census ranking of 1,608 of 5,008?
What is the Area KM 2 of Rothesay?
What's the official name of the place with an Area KM 2 of 295.07
What is the population of Cardwell?
Name the total number of status for eldon
Name the area km 2 for balmoral
What team(s) did they play on april 23?
What score(s) were recorded on april 28?
When galaxy angel aa is the title what was the series?
When  7 april 2001 to 29 september 2001 was aired in japan 2 how many titles were there?
When galaxy angel aa was the title was the us release date?
What comparable country has a national share of 1.08?
What is the national share of the country whose area is 148064 km^2?
What is the administrative division that has an area of 30 km^2?
What is the national share of Guizhou's administrative division?
What is the rank of the division with an area of 456800 sq mi?
What's the change over previous year as a whole in the period in which the change over same quarter the previous year was up 2.8%?
When was the percentage of trains arriving within 5 minutes of scheduled time 89.6%?
What's the change over same quarter the previous year in the period when the 89.6% of the trains arrive within 5 minutes of scheduled time (over three months)?
how many shire in the land of area in km 2 is 27.17
How many open era titles does the team with their first title in 1925 have?
Name the replacced by with ascoli
Name the team for mario somma
Name the date of appointment for ascoli
Name the manner of departure for elvio selighini
Name the date of vacancy for fabio brini
Name the outgoing manager for mantova
What is the San Antonio's team score?
Name the score for game 66
Name the record for score of l 77–80 (ot)
Name the high assists for houston
Name the score for game 63
How many poles did David Price Racing win?
Who started in 2008 with 0 points?
Which team started 2010?
What was the max points you when when you place 9th?
When the wins is 3, what is the maximum races?
Name the number of former wnba team for 2
Name the player for mercer
What is the record of wins and losses for Denver's ball club?
What was the location and the crowd attendance on December 9?
Who scored the most rebounds in game 64?
How many numbers were recorded for high points when the team played against Oklahoma City?
Name the high assists for  yi jianlian , brook lopez (7)
Name the location attendance for 20
Name the date for  l 92–103 (ot)
What was the record when the team played Boston?
What number game had a high assist of lebron james (7) and high point of lebron james (21)?
What is the lowest game number when the team is Houston?
What was the date when Troy Murphy (15), got high rebounds?
Who did the High Assists when Kevin Durant (28) took the High Points?
What is the score when the game took place on January 18?
How many games were played by team @ New Jersey?
how many times were high rebounds mehmet okur , paul millsap (6)
what is the score of the match with high points carlos boozer (20)
what is the high rebounds stat on april 11
Who wrote season 10
Name who directed the episode by joe sachs and david zabel
What is every value for Points 2 when the value of won is 30?
What is the lowest value of Points 2 when the goal average is 1.50?
How many values of goal average 1 occur when the value of goals against is 92?
What is the highest value for Points 2 when the goal average 1 is 0.65?
How many dates had a final score of w 118-112?
What was the location and attendance at the game where the final score is w 118-112?
Who had the high rebounds in the game with a final score of w 140-108?
in what date was aired the first broacast of the episode 1x02
what is the name of the jeremy guest for the episode 1x01
what is the number of the episode where maria mcerlane where gramer guest
what is the name of the graemest guest of episode 1x03
what is the largest city where the population is 6620100?
what is the largest city where the province is eastern cape?
what is minimum area where the largest city is bloemfontein?
what is the numbe of provincial captial where the population is 1162900?
what is the number of provincial captial where the province is northern cape?
What is the airport with the IATA MEL?
If unknown is larger than 1.0, what is the maximum two year amount?
If two years is 159, what is the amount for one year?
If the year is 2010, what is the minimum amount of years 5-9?
When debra j. fisher & erica messer are the writers and the director is patrick norris what is the series number?
When there are  12.70 million u.s. viewers who is the director?
Which is the number of the episode "rook gave" "rūku dīo" (デ デ ィ オ ー ル) which aired on July 14, 2003
What are the numbers of episodes that were broadcast on September 1, 2003
How many viewers did Episode #5 have?
How many share values are listed for the episode with a rating/share value of 2.6/8?
How many episodes were originally aired Saturday, May 30, 2009?
What is the rating of the episode with a rating/share of 0.9/4?
How many episodes aired Saturday, July 11, 2009
How many rating/share values does the episode aired on Saturday, May 9, 2009?
How many subsidiaries of Postermobile Limited?
What activities does Clear Channel Entertainment Facilitation Limited engage in?
How many subsidiaries of company F M Media Limited?
How many subsidiaries are there of Postermobile Advertising Limited?
What is the largest number of holding companies?
How many companies have Postermobile Limited as a parent company?
Name the total number of league cup for mark roberts
Name the total number of league for 5
Name the maximum leagure for 0 scottish cup
Name the most challenge cup for damon gray
Name the league for paul paton
What was the original air date of this episode that was written by Debbie Sarjeant?
How many episodes did Julie Martin wrote for the show If every episode has its own production code?
Name the total number of series for april 26
Name the number of high rebounds for april 21
Name the number of location attendance for april 24
What is listed in p when the type is listed as free agent 1?
What is the end when moving from is listed as cary clarets?
What is the name of the country where moving from is listed as bristol city?
Name the number of duration for viewership of 5.46 million
Name the total number of episodes written by david cantor
Name the total number of original titles written by john sullivan and keith lindsay
Name the original title for 6.05 million viewership
Who took third-place when there were 4 total wins?
What is the total number of clubs when the runner-up was Liaoning Fushun?
Who was placed fourth when third was Beijing Guoan and the winner was Dalian Wanda and wins total was 4?
Who was placed third when the ruuner up was Guangzhou Apollo?
Who was placed third in 2001?
What is the census ranking for the Perth parish?
What is the minimum population of the parish with a 750.51 km area?
with the amount of tries at 89, how many win's were there?
For club Swansea Uplands RFC, what is the amount of tries against?
What is the total amount of points when the given won is 9?
With the given points of 51, what was the total number of the try bonus?
With the given loss of 4, what was the number of tries?
With the given points of 667, what was the number of tries against?
What is the largest number of episodes for a 1989 season dvd release?
How many  dvd  titled "series 5" were released having a release date or a non available date in region 2?
Who are all the stage winners where the team classification is Caisse D'epargne?
How many original air dates have U.S. Views (millions) of 19.49?
What is the lowest no. in series?
The opponent was the New York Jets on what week?
Where was the December 12, 1965 game?
How many attended game(s) against the boston patriots?
which examples are pronounced ɪs in american
which examples are pronounced et in australian
how many endings have american pronounciation əs
what are the endings of examples achilles, appendices, fæces
What is the callsign for the Cebu station?
What is the number of brand where the power is 5kw?
What is the power of the Baguio station?
How many stations are called radyo5 101.9 news fm?
What is the church name for the church located in Kyrkjebø?
What is the sub-parish for the church names Høyanger Kyrkje?
What is the total number of churches built in 1916?
What is the total number of churches named Høyanger Kyrkje?
What is the church name located in Høyanger?
What is the location of the church when the church name is Ortnevik Kyrkje?
Name the total number for sub parish sokn for 1865
Name the location of the church for berle kyrkje
Name the location of the church for bremanger
Name the most year built for davik kyrkje
Who was the episode writer when the viewers reached 3.03 million in the US?
Who wrote the last episode (episode 15) of season 3?
How many episodes did Cliff Bole directed in season 3?
What is the record when the game was at the San Diego Stadium?
How many results are there when the game was at the Atlanta-Fulton county stadium?
What is the date of the game at Arrowhead Stadium?
Where was the game where attendance was 51478?
Name the military expenditures for 2011 for romania
Name the population 2011 for luxembourg
Name the deployable military 2011 for denmark
List total loses forh the tauras tauragė team.
List the number of goals scored to equal 58.
How many total reason for change are listed corresponding to the successor Leonard B. Jordan (r)?
What state had November 30, 1962 as the date of the successors formal installation?
How many vacant seats were filled by newcomer Joseph H. Bottum (r)?
What are the results of those elections for which Marcy Kaptur is the incumbent?
What are the results of the elections in which Ted Strickland is seeking re-election?
Who are all of the candidates in elections where Dennis Kucinich was a candidate?
Who were all the candidates in elections in which Steve Chabot was a candidate?
Who was treasurer in 2008?
What was the composition of the state assembly in 2008?
What's the series number of the episode with production code 329?
What's the series number of the episode originally viewed by 4.1 million people and written by Douglas Lieblein?
What year was the winners vote 55.99%?
When the winners votes were 50.54% who were the members of parliment?
How many millions of U.S. viewers watched the episode directed by Allison Liddi-Brown?
What was the title of the episode that had 13.82 million U.S. viewers?
What was the club that won 10 top division titles?
When did the club UNAM played the first season in top division?
When was the 'first season of current spell in top division' if the first season in top division is in 1964-65?
How many top division titles were won during the 'first season of current spell in top division' in 1979-80?
How many 'number of seasons in top division' were played if the 'first season in top division' games is in 1990-91?
How many 'number of season in Liga MX' were played if the 'first season of current spell in top division' is in 1962-63?
which chapter was Transmitted on wednesday if the episode of "363 the hangover part ii" was transmitted on monday?
which episode was Transmitted on wednesday if the episode of "438 magic: the gathering mini masters tournament" was transmitted on thursday?
which episode was Transmitted on friday if the episode of "414 insanely twisted shadow planet" was transmitted on tuesday?
which episode was Transmitted on friday if the episode of "515 the adventures of tintin" was transmitted on monday?
which episode was Transmitted on wednesday if the episode of "319 sucker punch" was transmitted on tuesday?
which episode was Transmitted on wednesday if the episode of "307 vs." was transmitted on friday?
Name the scoring average for best finsih being t35
Name the number of top 10s for scoring rank of 9
How many are the total winners if 7 won the Men's Open?
How many won the Men's Open if the players are from Sweden?
How many are the total winners from South Korea?
When shaun maloney is the player what is the lowest p?
What is the highest amount of uefa champion leagues?
When koki mizuno is the player what is the lowest league cup?
When koki mizuno is the player how man positions are there?
How many episodes by different writers were seen by 3.24 million people in the US?
What's the season number of the episode viewed by 3.19 million people in the US?
Who's the writer of the episode seen by 3.25 million people in the US?
Who directed the episode seen by 3.93 million people in the US?
How much do the tickets cost for August 7, 1987?
How many tickets are sold for the Carver-Hawkeye Arena?
When 1462/63 was the elected what was the no.?
When 1472 was the elected when was the assembled?
How many different combinations of scores by individual judges were given to the contestant competing against Mukul Dev?
What was Kashmira Shah's position on August 14?
What was the total score / week of the contestant who placed in the bottom 2 on august 14?
What were the scores by the individual judges for Karanvir Bohra on August 13?
Name the total number of main contestants for safe position for tina parekh
Name the status for karanvir bohra and date performed being july 30
What is the province where the age of the contestant is 27?
When joan tewkesbury is the director what is the number in seasons?
How many series did John Banas direct?
What is the original air date in series 360?
Who is the coach of the team in Leicester?
What is the name of the team from Derbyshire county?
Who is the captain of the Gloucestershire Gladiators?
Who is the captain of the team in Southampton?
Where is the team in Sussex county located?
Who is the captain of the team in Essex county?
there are in tobago species name helicops angulatus
are in tobago species liophis cobellus cobellus?
Name the most ending with
Name the most ending with for peyalvar
Name the starting from  thiruvezhukkurrirukkai
Name the starting from amalanadhi piran
Why did the change happened in Massachusetts (2)?
How many different reasons are there for the change in Connecticut (3)?
When the ability to compromise is 13, what is background?
When the seq is 41, what is the ability to compromise?
When the ability is 32, what is the leadership ability?
When 25 are willing to take risks, what is the experts view?
Name who directed the episode that was viewed by 4.22 million
Name the title for production code 2t6908
Name the total number for number in series that got 3.62 viewers
Name the air date that chris long directed
Name the number of production code for 5.08
When 17.07 is the loa (metres) what is the type of yacht?
When 3 is the position what is the sail number?
When aspect computing is the yacht what is the sail number?
When 6606 is the sail number what is the type of yacht?
When 5 is the position what is the state or country?
Name the least ansi code for 609 population 2010
Name the ansi code fore ashtabula
Name the land for ada
What was the position of the Atl. Colegiales team?
What was the position where the team scored 9 points?
How many player eliminated an opponent within the time frame of 32:32?
What was the styled used to defeat the opponent within the time frame of 32:32?
Who won the match when the winner used the Pedigree attack?
What was the elimination number of the fighter who fought within 27:27?
What was the elimination number of the fighter who fought within 26:15?
what is the longitude in 35.992 sqmi
how many townships where pop (2010) and ater is 0.818
what is the name of the townships with 32.222 land
how many lands with longitude of -100.895783 are?
how many geo id with 48.578664 are
what is the latitude in the township where wate is 0.288
how is called the township where the latitude is 47.377790
where the land is 35.990 what is the number of the geo id
Name the land where geo id is 3807717980
Name the latitude for deer lake
If the water square milage is 1.701, what is the land square milage?
In Cavalier County and the geo id is larger than 3801931620.0, what is the population?
If the population is 1858, what is the maximum ansi code?
If the longitude is -97.473110, what is the minimum geo id?
If the ansi code is 1036632, what is the name of the township?
If the land square milage is 10.950, what is the longitude?
What township is located at longitude -99.287270?
What is the longitude of the township at ANSI code 1759682?
How many square miles of water does the township at  latitude 48.064751 have?
What is the geo code of the township with ANSI code 1759243?
When santiago del estero is the hometown who is the contestant?
When belarus is the country what is the hometown?
When bahamas is the country what is the height in centimeters?
When finland is the country how many hometowns are there?
When johannesburg is the hometown who is the contestant?
When valora roucek is the contestant how many heights in centimeters are there?
Name the round 1 for team event
Name the number of semifinals for tt2
Name the 1/8 finals for round 1 n/a
Name the total number of round 3 for class tt1
Name the event for hans ruep
When 4 is the v-band what is the overall amount of ka-bands?
When 8.3 is the q-band what is the property?
When 5.5 is the l-band what is the v-band?
When 2 is the k-band what is the v-band?
When 2 is the ka-band how many properties are there?
When olympikus is the main sponsor who is the secondary sponsor?
When ale is the main sponsor who is the secondary sponsor?
When tim brasil brokers are the minor sponsors who is the kit manufacturer?
When batavo is the main sponsor and olympikus is the kit manufacturer who are the minor sponsors?
When 2011 is the period and olympikus is the kit manufacturer how many minor sponsors are there?
What season episode is written by neil thompson?
What was the original air for the 06-03-521 production code?
What episode number in the series aired on February 8, 2004?
In season 5 what episode number was production 06-03-519?
What was the minimum score for r2?
What country had a r3 at 72, by Larry Mize?
How many times did Fiji win r1?
How many figures are given for the Socialists in the case where the Social Democrats received 42.2%?
What date did the Green-Communists receive 5.7%?
If the PCT is 0.514, what was the minimum OTL?
What was the minimum OTL amount?
Name the least events for japan
Name the country for 22 events
Name the number for fiji
Name the total number of points for number 6
What is the location that had a driver named Pierre de Caters?
Who is the constructor for the car driven by George Heath?
What is the total number of drivers who have cars constructed by Mercedes-Benz?
What is the location of the car that has a constructor of Lorraine-Dietrich?
How many times did Charles Jarrott report?
Who is the driver of the entry constructed by Mercedes-Benz?
What is the used (kb) when the graphics mode is 4?
If graphics mode is less than 1.0, what are the char cells?
What is the smallest converted value at number 19?
Name the original title for the last metro
Name the film title for andré téchiné category:articles with hcards
Name the director for coup de torchon
Name the film titled for marcel camus category:articles with hcards
When cindy miranda is the name what is the home or representative town or province?
When nel rapiz is the name what is the status?
When day 8-36 is the duration what is the season?
When luz mcclinton is the name what is the season?
When yen galagnara is the name what is the highest total days in the pbb house?
How many match numbers have team europe listed as osku palermaa?
When osku palermaa is on the europe team how many match numbers are there?
When paul moor is on the europe team who is on the usa team?
Name the mountains classification for team columbia
Name the number of stage winners for team columbia
Name the mountains classification for alexander kristoff
How much is the other black population when the black African population is 37811?
Where are the london borough with the black caribbean population of 17974?
What is the rank of london borough in southwark?
What is the black caribbean population when the other black population is 2243?
What is the black caribbean population when the black African population is less than 10552.0?
What time slot had an adult rating of 0.6?
What season finale date has 2.02 million u.s. Viewers?
How many million u.s. Viewers watched season 1?
How many tv series had an adult rating of 1.2?
Where is the University that is also called Hawks?
Where is the University that is also called Owls?
How many University founded in 1863?
Where is the University that plays in the American Athletic Conference?
What is the affiliation of the University called Explorers?
What is the nickname of Drexel University?
What is the brand in Metro Manila?
What is the brand in Cabanatuan?
What is the power at the cebu station?
What is the frequency of 101.5 News FM?
Where is the frequency 102.3mhz and 5kw power?
Where is the frequency 92.3mhz?
What is the highest no.?
What is the q1+q2 time in which q1 is 1:18.574?
when q1 pos is 8 what is the q1+q2 time?
when the q1+q2 time was 2.34.736, what was the total pos number?
When the q1 time is 1:16.218 what is the highest q1 pos?
What is the largest 6-car-sets for fiscal year 1968?
What is the lowest fiscal year if total vehicles is 490?
Name the degree for otorhinolaryngology
Name the total seats for otorhinolaryngology
Name the recognised seats for pharmacology
Name the total number of seats for general surgery
Name the least recognised seats
How many nations do the FMS international team represent?
What is the smallest number of fastest laps listed?
How many championship titles for LRS Formula / Laurent Rédon Motorsport?
What's the version of AutoCAD Architectural Desktop 3?
In what season did the team get in the conference finals of the playoffs?
What was the team's status in the USISL Pro League playoffs?
In what year did the team compete in the 2nd, Northeast season of the USL PDL League?
What did the team do in the Open Cup in the 2nd, Northeast season of the USISL D-3 Pro League?
In what year did the team compete in the USISL Pro League?
If %2001 is 0.1%, what is the minimum Arabs 2001 number?
If the province is Manitoba, what is the Arabs 2001 number?
What is the province amount if the % 2011 is 0.0%
If the province is British Columbia, what is the Arabs 2001 total number?
If the province is Nunavut, what is the Arabs 2011 amount?
When did the tournament, in which the runner-up was Song-Hee Kim, happen
What was the amount of winners share (in $) in the game with a margin victory of 2 strokes?
What was the winning score in the Sybase Classic tournament?
What was the winning score in the tournament, ending with Birdie Kim as a runner-up?
How many Latin Americans were there in the Northwest Territories in 2011?
How many results of the count of Latin Americans in Yukon in 2001 are there?
What's the percentage in 2001 in Manitoba where the percentage in 2011 is 0.8%?
What are the percentages in 2001 in all the provinces where the percentage in 2011 is 0.2%?
How many Latin Americans were there in 2001 in the province with 0.0% 2001 and 0.2% 2011?
How many Latin Americans lived in 2011 in Saskatchewan?
What is the minimum number of wins possible for the Champ Car World Series among all the drivers?
What is the most Champ Car wins for any driver with a USAC record of 2?
How many afc titles did the Cleveland Browns have?
How many division championships did the Pittsburgh Steelers have?
How many afc titles were there when there were 2 super bowl wins?
How many division title teams were in the division championships 9 times?
What is the highest number of division championships where playoff berths were 11?
Who in the original Toronto cast played the character played by Kate Rockwell in the current Broadway cast?
What member of the current West End cast plays the character played by Jodie Jacobs in the original West End cast?
What member of the current Broadway cast plays the character played by Constantine Maroulis from the original Broadway cast?
How many different actors from the Second national tour year 2 played the character played by Oliver Tompsett from the original West End cast?
What member of the original Toronto cast played the character played by Constantine Maroulis in the first national tour cast?
Name the # for bill finger edmond hamilton dick sprang , et al.
Name the volume line for number 8
Name the total number for material collected for 978-1401221935
Name the umbr of creators for flash of two worlds
Name the total number of material collected for  justice league of america by george pérez, vol. 2
What is the highest overall number one(s)?
Name the player for 1945 for player
Name the inducted as for  joe medwick category:articles with hcards
What teams drive cars manufactured by Toyota?
What is Jon Thorne's average speed?
What day did the race in 1974 take place on?
What is Tony Stewart's average speed?
What year was the average speed 145.24
How many surfaces were played on in 2005 where the score was 6–7 (4–7) , 3–6, 7–6 (7–2) , 3–6?
Who are the opponents of Mike Byron and partner in matches where the score was  6–4, 4–6, 7–6 (7–4)?
What player is from the California Golden Seals?
What team does Lee Palmer play for?
What country is Alain Labrecque from?
What is Boston Bruins minimum pick?
Name the position of glenn goldup
Name the least pick number for colin campbell
Name the player for pick number for 30
Name the college/junior club team for jimmy jones
Who was the MVP the season Scaligera Verona were Champions?
Who was the finalist in the season 2007-08?
Who was the finalist when the final venue was Varese?
Who was the finalist when the MVP was Romain Sato?
Who was the champion for the 1998-99 season?
How many final venues were there in the 1997-98 season?
What player was drafted to the Detroit Red Wings?
Who did Dan Follet play for before the draft?
How many teams have a player named Denis Andersen?
Which College did the Buffalo Sabres' pick play for?
What NHL team does Denis Desgagnes play for?
What cub team or college did Bob Law come from?
What NHL team did jim koleff play on?
How many teams have skyhawks as a nickname?
What is the total enrollment for the school in garden city, new york?
How many schools with greyhounds as their nickname?
How many schools named southern new hampshire university?
When no.55 ipb spartak racing is the g1 winning team what are the results?
When peter kox roman rusinov is the gt1 of the winning team how many lmp1 winning teams are there?
When  julien jousse patrice goueslard yann clairay is teh gt1 of the winning team how many measurements of rnd. are there?
How many nicknames were associated with Milton, Massachusetts?
Where is the Eastern Nazarene College located?
How many years are listed under joined for the Nor'easters?
What location contains a school that has an enrollment of 2686?
In what year did the Lions join?
Which conference has the nickname Chargers?
Which conference has the nickname Lions?
What joined year does Dropped Athletics have?
What is the latest founded year?
What institution is located in Watertown, Wisconsin?
What is the smallest enrollment for institutions founded in exactly 1880?
What is the enrollment for Lakeland College?
What is the maximum enrollment for Concordia University?
What couple had a total score of 6?
What is the lowest rank?
What couple had a vote percentage of 7.691%
How many results do Ellery and Frankie have?
What is Michael and Melanie's rank?
What is Zoe and Matt's rank?
What is the judge's total for Roxanne and Daniel?
What is Zoe and Matt's result?
What is the result of judge 6?
what is the order when public vote was 18.155%
what is the public vote on graeme & kristina
what is robin's stat when jason was 2.5
state the skating song of graeme & kristina
what is the scoreboard when karen was 4.5
how many coupless totalled 14.5
Name the nickname for enrollment being 9000
what type is the institute that enrolled 2102
where is the private/presbyterian institute
what type of institution is alvernia university
state the institution in glenside, pennsylvania
What was the result when John Barrow was the incumbent first elected in 2004?
How many incumbents are there in the georgia 8 district when the party is democratic?
In what district is the incumbent John Linder?
What was the result of the Georgia 8 district?
What is the mind of the one that has qut reason?
What is the understanding of the one that has νοῦς nous reasoning?
How much was spent in 1949/50 (in $ millions) in the country where the cumulative expenditure is $376 millions?
How many millions of $ were spent in Iceland in 1948/49?
Name the total number for % popular vote for # of seats won for 83
Name the % of popular vote for election for 1926
Name the most # of seats won
Name the most number of total votes for election for 1878
What is the number for the french open 1974?
When was the Australian open?
How many ages have Maureen Connolly Brinker as the player?
When is the French Open when serena williams is the player?
how many dismissals in a game with 191 innings
How many residence cities have an English name of Province of Viborg and Nyslott?
What is the highest value for map number?
What is every Swedish name for residence city is Loviisa?
What is every Finnish name for the English name of Province of Viborg and Nyslott?
What is the traditional Chinese character set for the location that has an area of 181?
What is the total number of areas that are called Nanqiao District?
What is the number of English names that have a Traditional Chinese name of 全椒縣?
What is the Pinyin name for Dingyuan County?
What are Doug Davis' maximum pitching stats?
List the pitchers for the 1970 season
How many wins had a win percentage of 0.667
how many "no decisions" are there with 3 wins and a win percentage of 1.000?
stae the least number of wins in 1986
what is the least number of no decisions for scott feldman category:articles with hcards
what is the number of starts in 1977
who was the pitcher in seasons 1982, 1984, 1985, 1987, 1988, 1989
how many wins did pitcher jon matlack category:articles with hcards achieve
How many series are there total?
What family had a no.overall of UK10?
What's the highest division number through the years?
What's the lowest division number of the 6th, Great Lakes season?
What's the team's status in the Open Cup in 2006?
When did the 4th, Midwest season happen?
how many spokesperson where in 2004
who is the dual commentator at the channel with spokesperson larisa verbickaya
state all the spokesperson for the channel where commentator is dmitriy guberniyev
When is the first broadcast for episodes where Rufus's guest is Jack Whitehall?
Which episodes have Chris Addison as Rufus's guest?
What is the resulting score for the episodes where Rufus's guest is Sean Lock?
What is the first broadcast date for episode 3x10?
What index was created by the United Nations (UNDP) and reached 2nd place in the LA Ranking?
How many countries were sampled in the index created by The Economist, published in 2007 and ranked 2nd in the LA Ranking?
What's the wold ranking of the index by Transparency International?
How many countries were sampled for the index in 2nd place in the LA ranking and 23rd in the world ranking?
How many countries were sampled for the Prosperity Index (2008)?
What is the playoffs result in years where Open Canada Cup was "N/A" and regular season result was "2nd, New England"?
What is the earliest year where playoffs was "did not qualify," regular season was "2nd, New England," and Open Canada Cup is "N/A"?
What is the total number of playoffs held in exactly 2006?
What were the revising conventions commentary with a denunciation of 21?
How many inputs are there in the 'closure for signature' tab under the field 'sea (revised)'?
How many ILO codes are there with revising conventions of 'this convention, work in fishing convention'?
What  was the revising convention of the field 'trimmers and stokers'?
What are the Juntas de Regantes (WUB) within the Azua Valley?
Which irrigation district has 4733 users?
What's the number of users in the Nisibon-Yuma within the Del Este district?
What percentage voted for Tom Horner according to the poll source with sampling error of 2.5%?
What's the percentage of undecided according to the poll source with sampling error of 2.7%?
When did Minnesota Poll administer their poll?
How many polls show different percentages for Tom Emmer and 38% for Matt Entenza?
What poll source administered their poll on June 14-16, 2010?
What's the percentage of votes for Tom Horner according to the poll source that claimed 31% for Matt Entenza?
what is redskins (score) against tennessee titans 27
Who is the head coach of the team who's venue is Lokomotiv?
What is the venue for the team Terek?
How many teams finished in 8th in 2008?
What is the location of the team Saturn?
when fairburn is bigger than 54.0, how many years?
When the Fowler is 16, what is the number of cylinders?
What is tops for Folwer?
On what grid was the time for part 1 1:31.063?
Which driver was number 2‡?
Who was the driver in grid 01 1?
What was the time in part 3 when Heikki Kovalainen was the driver?
Who was the driver when the time in part 3 was 1:31.386?
What was the time in part 3 when Nick Heidfeld was the driver?
Name the title that aired on 5 august 1967
Name the total number of directors for number 6
Name the original airdate for guy verney
Name the number of writers for airdate of 15 july 1967
What's the abbreviation for the month whose transcription is Kumphaphan?
What's the zodiac sign for the month with Thai name มกราคม?
What's the zodiac sing for the month whose transcription is Karakadakhom?
What's the transcription for the Thai name พฤษภาคม?
What's the Sanskrit word for month with Thai name มกราคม?
How many different transcriptions are there for the Thai name พฤษภาคม?
What is the innings when the average is 36.48?
How many no outs are there for an average of 43.70?
How many no outs for an average of 56.38?
How many poles had 78 points?
How many poles had 72 points?
How many poles were there in season 2000?
What team scored 4 points?
Who won the cup on 30.11.2008?
Who got the 3rd place in the cup on 01.02.2009?
Where was the cup on 07.02.2009 held?
What was the population of the coastal location Isio in May of 2000?
What was the share for rank 54?
What are the ratings/share ratio when viewers are 5.50 Million?
What are the  rank timeslots where ratings are 4.1?
What is overall rank when viewers are at 6.59 million?
What was the episode name when share was 8?
Who were the writers of episode 20?
What county has others at 5?
What is the percentage of others when McCain is at 57.7%
What is Nader's percentage when Obama is 44.6%?
What schools are accredited by COE?
Where was there a school founded in 1927?
What is the minimum length of the locations where the average climb percentage is exactly 59%?
What is the maximum number of km listed?
Name the number of δs ‡ /cal mol −1 k −1 for butadiene being 1,2-dimethylene-cyclohexane
When 17,874 (33.2) is the percentage against what is the percentage for?
When 27,822 (72.3) is the percentage for how many electorate measurements are there?
When 13,895 (27.3) is the percentage against what is the toll poll percentage?
When +18.1 is the ± yes side 2008 percentage what is the percentage of against?
When  60,254 (58.0) is the toll poll percentage what is the for percentage?
When +20.3 is the ± yes side 2008 (%) what is the for percentage?
What was the original air date for season 11?
What episode did John Rogers direct?
Who directed the episode that aired on july15,2012?
Which episode aired on august19,2012?
What is the weight with a cross section area of 25.3?
How many weights are there when the flange with is 304?
What is the web thickness if the flange width is 100?
If the cross-section area is 21.2, what is the weight?
What is the flange thickness when the weight is 19.9?
Who directed the episode with a production code of 4WAB05?
Who directed the episode with a production code of 4WAB04?
What episode was directed by Karen Gaviola?
What was the score on February 8, 1992?
Who is the opponent in game 5?
What is the date of game 5?
What was attendance on March 11, 1995?
What was the score when 7260 people attended the game?
How many games resulted in a loss?
What is the date of game 7?
What is the Obama# when McCain% is 64.4%?
Name the Others# when McCain# is 4730.
What County was the Obama% at 41.7%?
When McCain% was 64.8%, what is the Others#?
What was the Obama% when McCain% was 61.2%?
Name the date for attendance 9372
Name the record for january 18, 1997
Name the score for march 29, 1997
How tall is the contestant from Honduras?
What country is the contestant from Chihuahua from?
What contestant is 173 cm tall?
What country is the contestant from Salto from?
How tall is the contestant from Guatemala?
How much would you expect the enrollment to be in Springfield?
where would you find a public university which was founded in 1915?
What is the only type of university that was founded in 1873?
What enrollement would you expect if you were attending the university in St. Louis?
Which school would you come across if you were in Kirksville?
What type of school would you see when visiting Missouri Western State University?
When east carolina university is the school what is the highest year founded?
When 1927 is the founded year how many measurements of enrollment in 2012 are there?
When western carolina university is the school what is the control?
When university of north carolina at charlotte is the school what is the lowest enrollment in 2012?
What is the enrollment for the school in bottineau?
What is the control for the school accredited by the higher learning commission ( nca ), ccne?
What year was the school founded with an 898 enrollment?
How many schools founded in 2006?
What is the accrediation for united tribes technical college?
What is the latest founding date?
What was the enrollment (2005) for baccalaureate colleges , for Granite State College?
What year is the founding year, for the school that had an enrollment in 2005 of 963?
What school had an enrollment in 2005 of 69?
How many students enrolled in 2005 at New Hampshire Institute of Art?
Name the most founded for enrollment 2005 being 1285
Name the main location for public and masters university
Name the type for mcminnville
Name the control for albany
Name the least founded for gutenberg college
Name the type for 1245 enrollment
when type of work is novel and published in english is 1977, what was published in russian?
How many types of work is хромая судьба?
What is the russian title of the ugly swans?
when it published in english is n/a and published in russian is 1986, what is the type of work?
List the presbyterian members of the senate.
Which state does congressman jim demint represent?
Name the total number of tie number for team 2 osijek
What is the minimum number of total placings?
What was the result of the game with the record of 3-1?
What was the date of the game with the record of 2-1?
How many games were there in the 1966 season?
What game number had a record of 3-1?
What happened when the new points was 1705?
What was the max when they score 2200?
How many points did agnieszka radwańska score?
How many points did shahar pe'er score?
What is the weight for western ontario college?
How many positions have round 3?
Which position has 225lb as weight?
What is the round?
What is the height of the cornerback position?
What is the most recent year joined?
what is the affiliation of the hilltoppers mascot?
what is the affiliation of the colors maroon and white?
what is the number of enrollment of the central institution?
what is the name of the institution of the sparta, wi location?
in what year did the colors red and gold join?
What circuit did rick kelly win on?
What circuit features the placemakers v8 supercars race?
What dates was the falken tasmania challenge race that had triple eight race engineering as the team?
What was the report for the winton race?
What medium was used for the sculpture of George Harold Baker?
Who was the subject of the sculpture created in 1982?
Who was the subject of the bronze sculpture who was a colonist and soldier in Ville Marie, New France?
What was the public office of the subject whose sculpture was created in 1954?
What medium was used for the sculpture by Ernest Richard Gause?
Name the originl title for no stars in the jungle
Name the original title for not nominated result with report on death
Name the total number of results for octubre
Name the film title for la boca del lobo
Name the year for reportaje a la muerte
How many directors for #15?
What is every director with production code of NABF13?
What are all values for U.S. viewers(millions) with Kevin Curran as a writer?
How many titles for the production code of NABF07?
Name the episode for 18-49 rating being 3.6
Name the rank timeslot for 11.59 viewers
Name the first air date for 9 episode
Name the rank timeslot for 18-49 share being 13
Name the total number of rank timeslot for 18-49 being 3.1
Name the total number for 18-49 share being 18-49 being 3.1
What was the date for the Champs Sports Bowl?
What is the date when the city is San Antonio, Texas?
What is the city when the Television network was the NFL Network?
How many opponents did the Sun Devils play when they scored 41 points?
What was the record for the Sun Devils when they scored 44 points?
When the torsion spring diameter is 38.4cm what would be the length or weight of the missile
Who wrote the episode that had 8.84 million viewers?
How many million viewers watched episode number 20?
What was the title of the episode written by Keith Temple?
what is the lowest value under the column series no.?
When there are  7.4 million viewers how many episodes are there?
When 24:31 is the run time how many measurements of viewers (in millions) are there?
When 24:31 is the run time how many millions of viewers are there?
When there are 7.5 million viewers what is the archive?
Name the broadcast network for saitama prefecture
Name the broadcast network for chiba prefecture
Name the broadcast day and timings for tv saitama
Name the opponent for opponents being 12
Name the result for 9-1 record
Name the most opponents for 8-1 record
How many seats in 2006 has a % 1997 rating of 38.9?
What was the % 2006 rating in 2006 where there were 5 seats?
How many time was the political party the social democratic party of germany?
How many political parties had a %2006 rating of 43.5?
How many seats were there in 2001 when there were 11 seats in 2006?
Name the won promotion for 1987
Name the won promotion for kalmar ff
If the matches for NQF is 2009, what is the position?
What was Robin's score when she was eliminated?
What song did Robin perform with a result of 4.0?
Among  deaths  106 000  how many is crude rate.
where births is 388 000 how many number is natural increase
period between 1985 - 1990 have minimum infant mortality rate of what.
How many winners scored exactly 202 (-11)?
How many tournaments were held at Alabama?
Where was the tourney when Louisville won the regular season?
Where was the tourney when  UCLA won the regular season?
Where was the tourney when  Weber State won the regular season?
Which drivers won $40,000 in the NASCAR Winston Cup?
What series is at the position 7?
In what series did the driver get 30 points?
How much did Dale Jarrett win?
Name the most households
When 0 - 1 barbiero 78' is the score how many measurements of attendance are there?
When 3 - 1 hughes 64' is the score what is the stadium?
When 1 - 1 leckie 90+3' is the score what is the stadium?
What date did Adriano Buzaid have the pole position?
What is the winning team at Oulton Park when Max Chilton held the pole position?
What date did Renger Van Der Zande have the pole position at Donington Park?
Name the regular season for 2005
When nº is 3, what are all the ministires?
When nº is 3, what are all the coaliton parties?
What is the most amount of ministries?
What is the ministries number when duration is 4 years, 4 days (1,465 days)?
How many ministers are there when the cabinet (nickname) is 	Steingrímur Hermannsson III?
What is the duration for no 33?
When 1 is the number what episodes were used?
When 七色アーチ is the japanese title what is the japanese translation?
When 5 is the number what is the japanese title?
When momoiro clover z is the vocalist how many japanese titles are there?
When momoiro clover z is the vocalist what is the japanese translation?
When  pokémon ieru kana? bw is the romaji who is the vocalist?
Name the miles for jeff gordon
Name the laps for ryan newman
What is the theme of the song by Soul Brothers Six
Which week is the theme First Solo
Which week is the theme n/a
How many total songs has the order #1
Which order #1 has a result of bottom 2
Whats the song of name with an original artist Garth Brooks
What was the date when Terry McAuliffe won 19%?
What was the source of the poll that gave McAuliffe 30% on June 8?
What was Brian Moran's tally in the Survey USA poll where Creigh Deeds had 26%?
What source showed Brian Moran at 19%?
What was Brian Moran's share of the votes when Creigh Deeds had 30%?
What source gave 26% of the votes to Brian Moran?
How many insurgents have 602 as the total per period?
How many security forces?
How many insurgents have 2003 as a period?
What position did he finish in the year his average start was 16.8?
What were his winnings when he had 14 top 10s?
How many years did he have an average start of 20.7?
What was his average finish when his average start was 27.7?
What is the ISIN that has a coupon of 1.02 and a value issued of 447,000,000?
What is the ISIN that has an amount issued of 223,000,000?
What is the maturity that has a coupon of exactly 0.726?
What is the coupon that has an issuer of Commerzbank AG?
What is the maturity date of the ISIN labeled DE000A0BVBN3?
What is the ISIN associated with the maturity date of 3/11/2011?
What was the report when the average speed (mph) was 87.599?
What team won when the race time was 3:12:30?
How many miles (km) were driven when the average speed (mph) was 103.145?
If the position is 12th, what was the series?
If the position is 9th, what is the total podiums number?
If there is 16 points, what was the position?
What is the point total for the Formula Renault 2.0 Italy series?
What is the minimum number of f/laps in the Italian Formula Renault 2.0 Winter Series?
How many poles were there in the Italian Formula Renault 2.0 Winter Series?
How many podiums were there in the Italian Formula Renault 2.0 Winter Series?
What was the highest position for the person who performed in 16 races?
What team had 4 podiums?
Name the year for is my magic
Name the year for japanese
Name the result for already famous
Name the result for japanese
What was the best top five result when the average start is 28.5?
What was the average finish in 2007?
How many poles were there in 1996?
With team #21/#07 ss-green light racing, what was the average finish number?
What was the maximum amount of the poles?
If the average start is 11.8, what was the team name?
If the winnings was $250,667, what is the top 5 total number?
With an average finish of 29.0, what was the average start?
what is the total number of reasons for change where the date the successor was seated is june 8, 1876?
what is the reason for change where the date the successor was seated was july 28, 1876?
what is the district where the vacator is vacant?
Who was the manufacturer for Matt Kenseth on March 7?
What was the average speed for a racetime of 3:08:08?
How many laps were there in 2002?
How many numbers were recorded under miles for the 3:00:46 race time?
What was the race time for Jeff Gordon?
What is the latest year?
What is every total for the University of the Cordilleras UC Dance Squad?
What is every school with basic elements of 52?
How many stunts have a total of 201.5?
What is every school with stunts of 48?
What is every deduction for pyramids of 49?
In what year was the partner Wesley Moodie?
What was the outcome when the final score was 7–6(9), 7–6(1)?
What are the scores in matches against Tony Roche?
Which championship has a final score of 3–6, 4–6, 2–6?
What is Fred Stolle's final year of competing in a championship?
List the total number of years that have a score of 3–6, 4–6, 2–6.
List the final score of Wimbledon (2/2).
What is the winner in event number 15h?
Who is the winner with an elapsed time of 12 h 42 min?
What is the prize for the elapsed time of 10 h 10 min?
Who is the winner of event # 1h and dateca is Apr 2?
What is the event # when the winner is what is 7x6?
Which positions are the poles 2?
How many positions have f/laps of 1 and british formula three series?
Which position has 9 podiums?
How many teams have 7th position?
How many poles when British formula renault 2.0 series and f/laps 1?
How many points when pole are 1?
how many wiaa classifications does fort vancouver high school have?
How many high schools have storm mascots?
What wiaa classifications does vancouver itech prepratory have?
What school classifications have trappers as mascot?
How many games were played in the 1989 season?
How many games were played by the player with 927 points?
Which team had an average of 20.4?
What was the date of appointment for the 10th person in position?
What is the date of vacancy for the person that left because of end of caretaker contract?
How many prefectures have an area of 361.719 kilometers squared?
What prefecture is listed in the map as number 39?
How many prefectures have a population density of 16 people/kilometers squared?
How many wins did he have when he had $95,180 in winnings?
How many top 10s did he have the year he won $80,490?
What is his lowest number of wins?
How many top 5s when he was on team #28/#49 jay robinson racing?
What date did episode 258 in the series originally air?
Who directed episode 266 in the series?
Name the least season
What's the BTU/Gal of the fuel whose kWh/Gal is 24.04?
What's the HP -hr/gal of the fuel whose GGE is 0.9000?
What is the percentage yield for a DPMO of 3.4?
How many percentage yield figures are there when 6.7% are defective?
What is long-term C PK when the short-term C PK is 2.00?
What is the sigma (with 1.5σ shift) when there are 69% defective?
When sigma (with 1.5σ shift) is 2.5, what percent is defective?
How many times was u.s. Viewers listed for episode 36 in the series?
How many million U.s. Viewers watched episode 12 in the season?
What day did the episode with a production code of 218 originally air?
How many episodes were listed as number 29 in the series?
What was the Sp of the 2nd Position?
How old was the horse when the SP was 200/1?
What was the distance for the 11th position?
Who was the jockey in 7th position?
What was the distance when the handicap was 11-2?
If the production code is 6.18, what was the episode title?
If the original air date January 19, 1992, who was the episode directed by?
What's the season number of the episode with series number 84?
How many season numbers are there for the episodes written by Art Everett?
How many series numbers do the episodes originally aired on October 28, 1990?
What' the series number of the episode with season number 13?
What was the report for the Sunday race where the winner had an average speed of 128.27 mph?
On what day was the race that Cale Yarborough won in 364 laps?
Who manufactured the car that won with an average speed of 126.259 mph?
What year did the Leo Jackson Racing team win?
When was the station WLS-TV owned since?
What market rank and city had the station KABC-TV?
What was the earliest year a station was owned since?
How many episodes had 3.62 million viewers?
How many episodes have episode #11?
How many epsidode(s) had 3.63 million viewers?
What nation had the athlete sebastian coe category:articles with hcards?
What rank did the nation with athlete peter snell category:articles with hcards have?
how many times was nation counted where athlete is shuhei nishida category:articles with hcards
What is the least number of silver medals won
How many silver medalist was won?
Name the league cup for northern ireland
If the spacecraft is the Shenzhou 7 Eva 1, what is the start (utc) date and time?
If the start (utc) is November 18, 2008 18:09, what is the name of the spacecraft?
What is the end (UTC) for spacecraft STS-114 Eva 3?
What is the start date and time of the walk that ends March 28, 2005, 11:31?
Which points classification has 4 as the stage?
Which malaysian team classification had mohd nur rizuan zainal as points classification?
Which team classification has malaysian team classification of mncf continental team?
When did the term end that began January 3, 2007?
When did the term began when the date of election is N/A?
When did the term end that began December 4, 1978?
When did the term begin that ended January 3, 1995?
What branch of government was the term that ended on January 3, 2001?
Where is the position when houston, tx is the hometown and worthing is the high school?
Which highschool has senior (rs) for the year?
What is the # when conroe, tx is the hometown?
What is the weight when 20 is the number?
What is the name when senior is the year with the # less than 10.0?
What is the # for worthing high school?
Name the reason for change for jonathan jennings
Name the date successor seated for failure to elect
Name the successor for james noble died in previous congress
Name the state class for isaac d. barnard (j)
Who is the successor when the reason for change is died November 11, 1845?
How many date of successor seated is new jersey 2nd in the district?
Who was the Best Male Artist where Bankie Travolta won the Best Male MC?
Who was the Best Male MC if Best Album won the Best Male Lyricist?
Who was the Best Male Lyricist if Neshia Nee won the Best Male Record?
Who won the Best Female Artist where Best R&B Contributor won the Best Male Lyricist?
What won the Best Female Artist if Best Lyrical Record won the Best Male Artist?
What won the Best Female Artist if People's Male MC won the Best Female Lyricist?
What is the lowest number of states contested under apna dal?
Where 19 seats were won, what was the minimum number of forfeited seats?
How many akhil bharatiya rashtriya azad hind party seats were contested?
When was John McEnroe's minimum year?
What were the US Open's final scores?
Who were the partners in games where the score was 7-5, 2-6, [6-10]?
Who were the opponents in the Tokyo championships?
Who were the partners in games where the score was 1-6, 2-6?
Who were the partners in 2012?
What was the outcome in games where the score was 7-5, 2-6, [6-10]?
If the opponents in the final is Hewitt McMillan and the partner is Fleming, what is the surface?
What is the final score if the partner is Woodforde?
In the US Open championship and the outcome is runner-up, what is the minimum year?
What is the surface made of if the opponent in the final is Hewitt McMillan?
What is the surface made of if the year is 1979 and the championship is US Open?
Name the ticket/office for orville preston
Name the comptroller for republican
Name the comptroller for office of prohibition
Name the replaced by for 8 july 2009
Name the total number of replaced by for 13 june 2009
Name the date of vacancy for manuel pellegrini
What was the free dance score in the event where compulsory dance score was 15.99?
How many original dance scores are listed in the event where the compulsory dance was 20.03?
In what even was the compulsory dance scored 23.75?
In what event was the compulsory dance score 28.12?
What is every year when the reporters were Lesley Visser and Robin Roberts?
What is the latest year with reporters Lesley Visser and Robin Roberts?
Who was the driver for the Richard Childress Racing team in the race with a time of 2:58:22?
On how many dates was the average speed of the race 91.033 MPH?
Who was the winning driver in the race that was 3:04:09 long?
Who was the opponent in the game in which Hakim Warrick (14) did the most high points?
What's the record in the game in which Brad Miller (7) did the high rebounds?
What's the score of the game with 31-29 record?
Name the country for gerrard
Name the total number of eu for quinn
Name the team for  w 115–104 (ot)
Name the number of record for united center 18,838
Name the team for united center 22,147
Name the high rebounds for new york
Name the number of high rebounds for united center 19,335
Name the team for kirk hinrich , derrick rose , john salmons (6)
Name the high points 31-27
What is the location is the winning driver is Bill Vukovich II?
If the track is the Wisconsin State Fair Park Speedway and the winning driver is Wally Dallenbach, what was the location?
If the location is Brooklyn, Michigan and the pole position is Bobby Unser, what is the RND total number?
If the pole position is Johnny Rutherford and the track is the Ontario Motor Speedway, what is the RND total number?
Name the laps of october 26
Name the date for 2006
Name the number of year for dick hutcherson
Name the total number for report july 23
What party won with a margin of 105731?
What party is the winner K. Anbazhagan from?
How many times did M. Gounder win for Party A?
Who won when V. A. Muthiah was the runner-up?
What party was the winner when A. Krishnaswamy was the runner-up?
Who was the runner up for the Nagapattinam constituency?
who ended runner-up to sankar adhi?
which was k. annamalai´s party a?
What is the population in those place where the market income per capita is $17,362?
What is the unemployment rate in those places where the market income per capita is $16,981?
What is the status in those places where the poverty rate is 8.6%?
What is the unemployment rate in those places in Alexander county whose status is transitional?
What is the population of the country of McDowell?
In what counties is the unemployment rate 5.8% and the market income per capita is $22,866?
Name the partnering for round sf
Name the total number of round for against the netherlands
Name the round for john van lottum martin verkerk
Name the w/l for czech republic
Name the result for jiří novák radek štěpánek
Name the tournament venue for big sky conference
Name the number of conference tournament for james madison
Name the team for arif asadov
Name the manner of departure for 1 december 2009
Name the outgoing manager for 10 june 2009
What is every entry for Atlantic Europe when Central Europe is Wisconsin stage?
How many values for Maghreb with Mediterranean Europe is Siciliense?
What is the Atlantic Europe when age is 10,000 years?
What is every entry for America when Atlantic Europe is Hoxniense?
What are all ages for Maghreb is Maarifiense?
How many points did the opponents with a 6-2 record against the Spartans score?
Against whom did the Spartans score 73 points?
Who had highest points in game 5?
What was the final score of the game held on February 24?
Who was the opponent in the game held on February 4?
If the region is the Southern district of Texas, what is the citation?
If the chief judge is Jeffrey L. Viken, what is the region?
If the chief judge is Glen E. Conrad, what is the region?
What was the name of the episode that had 14.52 viewers?
How many million viewers did episode number 63 have?
What number in the season was episode 52 in the series?
which area has a rank of 60?
what is the total number of population where census designated place is westmont?
what is the total number of census designated places with a population of 10581?
Name the most number of contestants
Name the premiere for 8 episodes
Name the league finish for w being 11
What's LSU's overall record/
How many different SEC Win counts does the team with an overall record of 30-4 have?
What's Auburn's percentage?
What's the overall record of the team with 4-3 road record?
What's the home record of the team with percentage of .168?
What was the average speed where lap four's time was 22.9049?
How many lap two's did marco andretti do?
What is tthe lowest number on team 3g?
How many positions have a total time of 1:30.4135?
Which positions have a lap two time of 22.7290?
What was the average speed where the total time was 1:30.4842?
Name the poles for avg start being 4.7
Name the avg finish for position of 70th
Name the year for 15 starts
How many directors directed episode 3 of the season?
Who wrote the episode directed by Ken Whittingham?
What is the production code for Episode 153 in the series?
What is the name of the episode where the season number is 13?
If the episode was written by Tim Balme, what was the original air date?
What date did the show air when Rhod Gilbert was the headliner?
What date did the show air when Sean Lock was the headliner?
Who were the comedians on episode 1x03?
What episode took place in Belfast Waterfront Hall?
Who were the comedians during the episode located in Birmingham Hippodrome?
Name the total number of director for vesničko má středisková
Name the growth rate for density of 1087
Name the sex ratio lowest for population 4773138
What is the original air date of the episode that had a week ranking of 21?
What was the week ranking of the episode written by Russel Friend & Garrett Lerner?
What was the week ranking of the episode written by Thomas L. Moran and directed by Andrew Bernstein?
Name the position for chivu
Name the total number of r for coppa italia larger than 1.0
Which charts had debut sales of of more than 339333.011497678?
How many peak positions were there on the weekly charts?
How many peak positions were there on the daily charts?
Which charts had debut sales of 101976?
What was the score when playing Milwaukee?
Who had the highest rebounds in the game where the record was 27-54?
When did the team play against Niagara?
How many points did the opposing team get in the game with 6-2 record?
When did the Cyclones get 46 points?
On how many different dates did the team play a game in Cedar Falls, Iowa?
Name the date for air canada centre 18,736
Name the score for chicago
Name the least game for march 20
Name the least game for score of l 93–109 (ot)
If the location attendance is the Verizon Center 20,173, what is the date?
Who's captain of the team whose stadium has a capacity of 17800 people?
How many different team captains does the club Sliven 2000 have?
Who's the captain of the team whose stadium is Gradski Stadion?
What stadium has capacity for 13800?
How many people can attend games in the stadium of the team whose captain is Vasil Vasilev?
When  asv nürnberg-süd is the  mittelfranken süd what is the season?
When sv neuses is the oberfranken west what is the season?
When wacker marktredwitz is the oberfranken ost how many unterfranken wests are there?
When atsv erlangen is the mittelfranken nord and alemannia haibach is the unterfranken west what is the mittelfranken süd?
Who tied for the highest rebounds during the game against Orlando?
Who are all high points in game 14?
What is every value for location attendance on date of November 18?
What is every score when date is November 10?
What is every record for game 11?
How many locations was game 3 played at?
What was the score against New Orleans?
How many game locations occurred on March 6?
What was the surface during wimbledon in 1974?
Name the overall for mark steenhuis
Name the total number of offensive for colin doyle
Name the week for steve toll
Name the rookie for ryan powell
Name the defensive for week 9
Name the high rebounds for record 10-19
Name the high points for  l 109–112 (ot)
Name the high assists for 4-3
Name the location attendance for memphis
Name the number of score for sacramento
Who has the high points when 53-27 is the record?
Which team has dirk nowitski (13) as high rebounds?
What is the score for game 78?
Who has the high assists when 50-26 is the record?
Who has high points when 50-26 is the record?
Which date is the team @ la clippers?
Who is the high rebounds for game 64?
What is the record where aaron brooks (6) is high assists?
What is the score when 36-33 is the record?
How many teams played against the Mavericks in a game where the score was w 99–91 (ot)?
How many teams have channing frye, jason richardson (8) as high rebounds?
Who has the high assists when April 26 is the date?
Which team has 5 as a game?
Who did the high assists in the game where Amar'e Stoudemire (10) did the high rebounds?
Who was the game on January 26 played against?
What was the record of the game played on January 5?
What's the record of the game with number 40?
What was the score with the team record was 15-25?
Who has the most rebounds for game 42?
Who had the most rebounds when the team record was 15-27?
Who has the high assists when the team is Oklahoma City?
On which datebis arco arena 17361 the location attendance?
Which team has the location attendance of American Airlines Center 19954?
What is the record where arco arena 17361 is location attendance?
Who has the high points for the 69 game?
Name the record for rose garden 20,565 attendance
Name the game for  andre miller , rudy fernandez (7)
Name the high points for 30-23
Name the team at the rose garden 20,565
What was the score for the game when the record was 37-27?
Who led with the highest points during the game against Indiana?
Name the most number in series for production code of 3abc11
Name the most number in season for production code 3abc12
Name the title for number 16
Name the least number for production code for 3abc21
What was the date that the episode with Jeff Davis as the second performer originally aired?
How many episodes were series episode 214?
What date did the capitols play the toronto maple leafs?
Where was the game played when the record was 20-6-6?
What was the lowest attendance for games played on december 23?
How many dates were played at the wachovia center?
How many games did they have a record of 39-12-6?
What is the largest number of points they had?
How many games did they play with 88 points?
How many games did they play on february 5?
Who is every co-artist with name of role as Ah-Zhong 阿忠?
What is every nature of role with year as 2009?
How many locations for name of role as Xiao Gui 小鬼?
On what date did episode 2 air?
What was the title of the episode that aired February 9, 1979?
What is the number of the episode seen by 1.370 million people in the US?
What's the number of the episode directed by Whitney Ransick?
Who directed the episode written by Jason Yoshimura?
When  roy richardson 476cc aermacchi is the rider what is the time for saturday august 9th?
When 6 is the rank what is the time for Tuesday August 25th?
When 3 is the rank what is the time for Saturday August 29th?
When 22' 37.06 100.090mph is the time for Monday August 24th how many times are there for Friday August 28th?
What is every rider on Monday August 24 at 21' 12.02 106.781mph?
What is every value on Tuesday August 25 if August Friday 28 is 23' 54.54 94.684mph?
What is every rider on Tuesday August 25 at 20' 32.11 110.241mph?
What is every value for Monday August 24 if Friday August 28 is 23' 22.25 96.864mph?
What is the value of Monday August 24 if the rider is Benny Smith 600cc Yamaha?
What is the value for Monday August 24 if Friday August 28 is 26' 04.60 86.814mph?
Who directed 414?
What is the series number of the episode that aired March 25, 2010?
Who wrote the episode that aired February 4, 2010?
What was the air date where there were 5.72 million viewers?
What number was there 6.01 million u.s. drivers?
What date did they play the Florida Panthers?
What was the score for the Atlanta Thrashers?
What was the score for game 4?
How many titles have an original air date of November 17, 1998?
How many season numbers are there for the episode seen by 13.54 million people in the US?
What's the series number of the episode directed by Skipp Sudduth?
Who wrote the episode seen by 10.64 million people in the US?
Name the scores for  david baddiel and maureen lipman
Name the scores for michael buerk and russell howard
Name the davids team for 8 august 2008
What is the episode number that was first broadcast on 3 September 2010?
Who is the Lees Team for episode 4x04?
Who is on the David's Team for the episode with the Lees Team of Jack Dee and Peter Serafinowicz
How many David's team for the Lees Team of Deborah Meaden and Mark Watson?
If the episode is 6x03, what is the first broadcast total number?
If the lees team is Clare Balding and Miranda Hart, what is the first broadcast total number?
If the lees team is Clare Balding and Miranda Hart, what was the score?
What is the position of the song that was eliminated on 11 november?
Which artist sang the song that ingela hemming wrote?
What is the position of the song that adam sandahl wrote?
What is the position of the song thar genjor mcnell performed?
What week has an attendance of 10402
What is the record on Sept 22?
If artist 1 is Wolfgang Gartner, what is the release date?
What is song 1 title is the artist is Danny Byrd?
What is the mix pack when the artist 2 is Eminem?
What is every value for Serbs if value for Hungarians is 9.26%?
What is the largest value of population?
How many values for Germans occurs when value for Slovaks is 0.11%?
What is the smallest value of population if the value for Serbs is 73.53%?
What is every value for Croats if the value of Roma is 3.1%?
What is every value for Croats when value for Romanians is 16.65%?
How many years of nasl years did the accolades read "captained england to victory at the 1966 world cup"?
What nasl club won several titles with leeds united?
What years did Bobby Moore play?
What position is Philadelphia Fury?
How many years did Peter Lorimer play?
What was the entry for highest when average is 10295?
How many entries for highest when the low team was baltimore rays?
What was the season when the low team is chicago sting?
What's the Stock Exchange Plaza's rank?
How tall is the building with 36 floors?
How many different numbers of floors are there for the Chongqing Poly Tower?
How many different ranks does the Cathay Pacific Plaza 2 have?
What is the production code directed by Matt Shakman?
How many series had a production code of 202?
What was the bleeding time during the prolonged partial thromboplastin time in which the prothrombin time is unaffected?
What is the bleeding time for glanzmann's thrombasthenia?
What is the platelet count for congenital afibrinogenemia?
What is the prothrombin time of von willebrand disease?
When the bleeding time is unaffected and prothrombin time is prolonged, what are the platelet counts?
Name the last match for  argentina - estadio josé maría minella
Name the final position for copa libertadores
Name the final place for july 25, 2009
What is the epa rated combined fuel economy for the Nissan Leaf?
What is the operating mode of the Coda?
What is the dirty electric grid rocky mountains (denver) for the vehicle with the clean electric grid california (san francisco) of 160 g/mi (99 g/km)?
How many dirty electric grid rocky mountains (denver) vehicles have an  epa rated combined fuel economy of 102 mpg-e (33kw-hrs/100mi)?
What is the epa rated combined fuel economy for the all-electric vehicle with dirty electric grid rocky mountains (denver) of 330 g/mi (205 g/km)?
How many clean electric grid california (san francisco) figures are given for the Nissan Leaf?
Which aperture were built or used between 1987-2001?
How many nationalities/sponsors for mirror/type schmidt uv?
Which telescopes were sponsored by or originated in Belgium?
What team finished in 4th place in 2007?
If the opponent is the Stampeders, what is the record?
What is the record if the location is Clarke Stadium?
How many companies had an april 2013 cumulative ranking of 3?
What was the Forbers rank (all companies) in 2012 for cenovus energy?
How many assets in billions US$, for the company that ranked 1532 overall in 2013?
How many companies named cenovus energy?
What was the French title of the story published in 1968?
Who was the artist who worked on the stories published in 1966?
When did series 6 start?
What series had an average of 3.72 million people watching it?
How many different end dates are there for the series seen by 4.2 million people?
What percentage of the EU's population lives in the country with a population density of 110.8 people per square kilometer?
What is the area of Austria's territory in square kilometers?
How many inhabitants does Sweden have per square kilometer?
How many measurements of the Czech Republic's population density are recorded in this table?
Name the number of number in the season for 11
Name the number of airdates for 14
Name the title for 446913
What was the Kentucky Oaks attendance the year the Belmont Stakes had 64,949 attendance?
What was the attendance at the Travers Stakes in 1977?
What was the Breeder's Cup Friday attendance for the year the Breeder's Cup Saturday had 52,987?
In what edition is Ungur's opponent David Nalbandian?
When was the win/lose lose and the round a play-off?
In what round did he play against Sergiy Stakhovsky?
What municipality had 754 votes for coakley?
How many votes for brown in the place that had 84.1% for coakley?
What was the turnout percentage in the place that had 44.6% vote for brown?
Name the finish top 10 being 8
What is the finish associated with a 3-2 vote?
What is the reward for the elimination of Peterson?
What is the number of finishes associated with an elimination of Adriana?
What was the total number of episodes that had a 3-1 vote?
When troy is the regular season winner what is the conference tournament?
When madison square garden ( new york city, new york ) is the tournament venue (city) what is the conference tournament?
When Cincinnati is the tournament winner how many regular season winners are there?
When western michigan is the tournament winner how many conferences are there?
When was successor George E. Harris (R) seated?
What was the reason for change when the successor was William Milnes, Jr. (C)?
When were the successor/s seated for Ohio 10th?
Name the reason for change when George W. Greene (D) was the vacator.
When was successor David Atwood (R) seated?
What district was the successor seated in March 28, 1878?
Who was the vacator for the district of Nebraska at-large?
Name the enrollment with cougars
Name the least enrollment for field hockey, men's swimming
Name the school that is cougars
Name the institution for purple aces
Name the title that was directed  by john terlesky
Name the total number of titles for 3x5655
What date did the episode that had 1.023 million u.s. viewers originally air?
What episode number in the series had 2.528 million u.s. viewers?
How many million U.S. viewers watched the episode that Daniel H. Forer directed?
How may overall episodes had the title "this is what they want"?
Who was the Tournament Winner when UNC Wilmington won the regular season?
Who won the tournament for the Atlantic Sun Conference?
What is the tournament called for the Big Sky Conference?
How many men had an event 1 medley score of 6 (16.6m)?
How many men from the Ukraine?
What was the result(s) in the event 3 squatlift for the man from the United states with a result of 1 (42.66s) in the event 2 truck pull?
What was the result in the event 1 medley for the man with a 4 (6 in 31.85s) in the event 3 squat lift?
Name the least series number
Which county has a membership of 1, a franchise type of corporation and a borough of Ennis?
What is the number of members that have boroughs of Bandon Bridge?
What is the number of voters in 1800 that have boroughs named Drogheda?
While the original toyko/seoul tour cast included thomas hettrick, who was in the original 1st us tour cast?
How many original 3rd us tour cast were there while the original uk cast was alyssa dipalma?
While the original 1st us tour cast included nicci claspell, who was in the original tokyo/seoul tour cast?
Who was in the original berkley cast while stark sands was in the original broadway cast?
Who was in the original broadway cast while jake epstein was in the original 1st us tour cast?
Who was in the original 3rd us tour cast while scott j. campbell was in the original 1st us tour cast?
What is the highest cable ranking?
What is the status of player Philipp Kohlschreiber?
What the total amount of points won during seed 25?
What was the status of rank 20?
List the total number of defense points for caroline wozniacki.
List the total defensive points for marion bartoli.
What is the highest points won when the player is aravane rezaï?
How many times is the new points 2690?
List the players with 1285 new points?
How many defending points did  radek štěpánek have?
List the rank of the player that left the tournament due to right foot injury
List the total number of defensive points for radek štěpánek?
List the rank of the player that left due to right wrist surgery?
Name the awardees for best special effects
Name the total number of awardees for best screenplay
Name the name of award for marathi
Name the awardee for tingya
Name the language for b. ajith kumar
What game date was the game at AOL Arena?
What was the Rhein Fire team record on week 8?
Name the circuit for france and portugal
Name the date for sprint winner mexico
Name the date for eastern creek raceway
Name the circuit for  united arab emirates
Name the total number of date for 10
What is the number of the first game?
Against what opponent did the Wildcats have a record of 5-4?
How many pa were blank ends 7 and 5?
Who is the conductor on the Multisonic label?
Who is the conductor for Rusalka?
Who composed the work conducted by jaroslav Vogel?
What is the title of the episode with production code 406?
Who write episode number 48 in the series?
Name the most goals for  1972 – 1975, 1976 – 1982
Name the period for uruguay
Name the position for  1980 – 1987
which position did pierre bajoc play?
during which period did albert baning play?
What is the number of goals if the name is Xavier Gravelaine?
If the name is Patrick Grappin, what is the nationality?
What is the period total number if the name is Geraldão?
What is the nationality if the appearance is 29?
Name the concacaf for 2010 season
Name the least season for round of 32
Name the number of playoffs for semifinals
Name the number of season for 18th position
Name the least wins
Name the total number of language of films for méga-plex taschereau imax
Name the theatre name for french
Name the location for democratic méga-plex taschereau imax
What episode number has 2j5352 as a production code?
What date did the episode with a production code of 2j5356 originally air?
When 2012 is the year what is the winning boat?
When 64 is the entries what is the winning boat?
When 61 is the entries what is the winning boat?
What is the name of the episode that aired originally on October 18, 1991?
What is the name of the episode written by Ross Brown?
What episode number in the series originally aired on February 28, 1992?
What date did the episode with a production code of 447004 originally air?
How many episodes were written by Ross brown?
What number in the series was episode 2 in the season?
What was the title of the episode written by Bob Rosenfarb and directed by Richard Correll?
What university was founded in 1898?
What is the maximum average associated with a total of 221902?
How many values of hosted have a highest value of 42659?
How many values of up/down have a total value of exactly 301470?
What is the up/down associated with the Subiaco Oval?
What team was ranked in 7th?
Which player had an opponent of Blackburn Rovers?
What was the score for the 1st ranked team?
What was the name of the player that had a vote percentage of 7.85%?
What is the original airdate of the episode where the challenge was three overstuffed sandwiches?
Who was the challenge winner in the episode that originally aired on January 28, 2009?
How many episodes had New York, New York as the location?
What were the shots below par when the winning score was 67-64-63-71-66=331?
What were the shots below par when the winning score was 69-66-69-64=268?
What is the total number of to par when runner-up was Jonathan Kaye?
What was the margin of victory when runner-up was K. J. Choi?
What was the date for no. 7?
Which team had 342 total points?
How many points did the team who had 325 total points have in round 3?
What is the most amount of points any team had in round 4?
How many points did the team who had 132 total points have in round 1?
Who did Rhein Fire play Against where 30701 people attended?
What week had kickoff time at 6:00 p.m.?
Where was the game played that was on Sunday, May 27?
How many people attended the game at Jahn-sportpark?
How many final scores were there on the game at Amsterdam arena?
What was the group in the British Champion Stakes?
What was the weight of the jockey at Sandown Park?
What is the distance of the Mooresbridge Stakes race?
who was the winner /2nd for the British Champion Stakes race?
The MacKinnon Stakes races took place on how many venues?
What is the largest average for the episode with 1.97 million Hong Kong viewers?
What is the English title of the episode with 1.92 million Hong Kong viewers?
What is the premiere number for the episode titled "The Mysteries of Love" in English?
What is the Chinese name of the episode with 1.97 million Hong Kong viewers?
Who was the home team when the away team was fulham?
What was the attendance of the game where Stoke city was the away team?
When the away team is Millwall, what is the total possible amount of tie numbers?
What is the date of the game played with Birmingham City as the away team?
What was the airdate of episode number 18?
What was the title of the episode having exactly 9.64 million US viewers?
For which jockey was the weight in kg 53.5?
Who was the trainer when the jockey was Luke Nolen?
What was the placing when the jockey was Damien Oliver?
What was the placing when the weight in kg was 58.0?
Who was the horse when the jockey was Peter Wells?
What was the weight in kg when the horse was Alcopop?
How many weeks are teams playing agains the Barcelona dragons?
What was the score for the game that kicked off at 6:00 p.m.?
Who are the opponents for games on Sunday, June 9?
Name the fat for protein being 4 and calories 80
Name the number of butters for 3 protein
Name the calcium for fat being 6.5
How many counties have a place name of Macedonia?
What is the number of land areas that have a place name of Ballplay?
What is the minimum 2010 population of Edgewater?
What is the lowest 09-10 i/o best?
Which country is akiko suzuki from?
What was the 08-09 i/o best of the player with 1386 points?
What was the 09-10 oi best of the player with 949 points?
Who was the player from georgia?
When tracy reid is the player what is the highest amount of minutes?
What is the lowest overall amount of assists?
When sandy brondello is the player what is the lowest amount of minutes?
When 21 is the number of assists how many sets of blocks are there?
When 2010 is the first elected and Florida 7 is the district who are the candidates?
When bill young redistricted from the 10th district is the incumbent what is the party?
When dennis ross (r) unopposed is the candidate what is the party?
When none (new seat) is the first elected who are the candidates?
How many millions of people watched the episode with a production code of icec483x?
What is the lowest episode number?
What is the lowest episode number with 6.19 million viewers and a production code of icec487y?
List the production code for the episode had 5.55 million viewers?
List the 1st air date for the episode with a iceb786e production code.
Name the party for 1998 first elected
Name the result for barney frank
Name the candidates for first elected being 1976
Name the total number of districts for first elected being 1998
Name the result for 1998
Name the candidates for 1998
Who is the driver of the Chevrolet engine that is sponsored by godaddy.com?
What engine does the Fuzzy's Ultra Premium Vodka sponsored car use?
What engine doe the Ed Carpenter Racing team use?
What team is sponsored by hydroxycut?
What percentage of the population is below 50% of the median income in the region where 10.4% of the population earns below 40% of the median income?
What is the median income for the region where 24.4% pf people make below 60% of the median income?
What is the median income of Maule?
In what region does 17.4% of the population make below 50% of the median income?
In what region do 18.6% of the people make less than 50% of the median income?
What is the gdp per capita in 2008 for the region that had a combined gross enrollment ration of 89.0?
Which region had a life expectancy at birth of 77.9 from 2001-2002?
What is the gdp per capita in 2008 for the region with a combined gross enrollment ratio of 86.6 in 2009?
How many regions had an hdi of 0.896?
How many regions had a life expectancy at birth in 2001-2002 of 75.9?
In which season is the runner-up Lase-R/Riga?
In season 2007–08 who is the runner-up?
Who is the runner-up for season 2011–12?
In season 2005–06, who is 3rd place?
What draft pick number did Kentucky get?
What position was the number 6 draft pick?
What CFL team obtained a draft pick from North Dakota who plays OL position?
What college did the Toronto Argonauts draft pick come from?
What player was the number 1 draft pick?
What CFL team got their draft pick from North Dakota?
Which player went to college at Tennessee?
Who was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs?
Who was drafted by the Baltimore Colts?
If the NFL team is the Minnesota Vikings, what is the position?
What is the pick number if the player is Gary Kubiak?
What is the pick number minimum if the player is Mark Bortz?
what is the pick number minimum if the NFL team is the San Diego Chargers?
What is the highest season# for the writer Daegan Fryklind?
Who voiced Drizella in the English version?
Name the name of bowl for 2006 season
Name the last appearance for music city bowl
Name the record for cotton bowl classic
Name the appearance for independence bowl
On the Circuit Zolder who was the winning team?
In what circuit was Bruno Spengler the winning driver?
How many Pole Positions were there on 30 March?
Where was the circuit for round 4?
On what date(s) was the winning team Prema Powerteam?
Name the bed 2010 for 6.5%
Name the feb 2010 for january 2010 for 6.2%
How many people directed episode 3 in the season?
If the writer is Mark Fink, who is the director?
What is the name of the episode # 11 in the season?
Who was the director of episode 11 based on season?
Name the reidsville for enrollment
Name the james e. holmes for erselle young
Name the james e. holmes for duane hensley
Name the james e. holmes for joe baez
Name the time for entries being 907
Name the entries for 6 h 23 min elapsed time
Name the prize pool for 706 (481 r, 346 a)
What are the dates of death of those politicians whose date of birth 1938-08-30 30 august 1938?
If the event number is 5, what is the winner total number?
What is the prize pool if the entries is 1,132?
Name the least season # for the first time
Name the least season number for two marriage proposals
What number episode was Week 4, Part 1?
For what episode was the rating/share for 18-49 at 2.8/8
What number episode was Week 4, Part 2?
How many viewers in millions watched the episode with the number 10.18?
What is the rating/share for 18-49 for Week 6, Part 1?
What is the weekly rank of the episode with a 14 share whose original airdate was April 20, 2010?
What is the form ("to sing") when brazilian portuguese is [kɐ̃ˈtẽmus]?
what is romanian when nuorese sardinian is [ˈkantata]?
what is romanian when nuorese sardinian is [ˈkantaza]?
What were the results when Hanne Skak Jensen faced Andreja Klepač as opponent?
Who was Hanne Skak Jensen's opponent when facing Belarus?
What kind of round was played when Hanne Skak Jensen faced Austria?
What were the round results when Hanne Skak Jensen faced Austria?
How many touchdowns does Boggs have?
Is the right halfback player a starter?
What position does Boggs play?
What is the smallest number of extra points for a left halfback?
What is the smallest number of extra points?
How many starters are there at right tackle?
How many mls teams had player jamel wallace?
What university is kwaku nyamekye affiliated with?
What university is houston dynamo affiliated with?
What is the position of pick # 63?
How many players are affiliated with indiana university?
When was the earliest season of Juncadella's career?
How many pole data were given on season 2012 with 252 points?
How many wins did Prema Powerteam won with 240 points?
What is the latest season where he had 1 podium?
What was his position when the team was FMS International?
What is the smallest number of races competed in with 11 podiums?
List the total points for the 1st place team.
List the year in which the driver was in 1st place.
How many series awarded 15 points?
List the highest number of laps.
List the team with 12 points.
If second is Sergey Sirotkin, what is the third name?
If the third name is Bruno Bonifacio, what is the champion?
Who is the champion if the national trophy/rookie is not held?
If the national trophy/rookie is Simone Iaquinta, what is the season total number?
If the national trophy/rookie is Gerrard Barrabeig, what is the name of the second?
What was the location when the winning driver was Nathanaël Berthon?
Who was the winning driver in the FR2.0 11 series?
What circuit was the FR3.5 11 series on?
When was the F4 7 series?
In what series was TDS Racing the winning team on 9 October?
What were the LOA metres for the yacht ichi ban?
How many LOA metres were there when the skipper is lou abrahams?
What is the position for sail number aus 03?
What yacht had LOA Metres of 13.34?
How many episodes in the season are episode 142 in the series?
What is the name of the episode that William M. Finkelstein wrote?
Who was the artist with a start date of 1966-10-23?
What is the end date for the artist s. moldoff/j. giella/c. infantino?
How many artist(s) have a start date is 1966-12-12?
What is the fan title with an end date of 1967-11-12?
How many writers where there for episode # 06?
Name the dominant religion for станишић
Name the population for kolut
Name the number of cyrillic name for stanišić
Name the population for бачки моноштор (croatian: monoštor)
Name the number of population for  врбас
Name the largest ethnic group for 24112
Name the dominant religion for village for бачко добро поље
Name the cyrillic name for orthodox christianity village and  bačko dobro polje
Name the largest ethnic group for kosančić
Name the cyrillic name for melenci
Name the dominant religion 2002 for village  banatski despotovac
Name the cyrillic name for lazarevo
Name the population 2011 for mihajlovo
Name the dominant religion 2002 for  меленци
Name the total number of population 2011 for perlez
What is the type when the settlement is subotište?
how many times is the cyrillic name сибач?
What is the largest ethnic group (2002) when cyrillic name is брестач?
How many times is the settlement karlovčić?
What is the cyrillic name when the settlement is ašanja?
Name the least population for 2002 for 2011 being 9564
Name the total number of population for 1991 for 9564 for 2011
Name the city for kanjiža
Name the city for ада
Name the population for 2002 being ada
Name the most no votes
Name the least yes votes for yes passed
Name the % yes for yes votes for 78961
What is every description if NO votes is 233759?
What is every entry for passed when NO votes is 312187?
What is every value for %yes when type is ref?
What is every entry for description when the value of %yes is 51.82%?
What is the episode title for episode number 12?
If the UK air date is February 18, 2013, who was the episode written by?
If the director is Yannick Bisson, what was the Canadian amount of viewers?
Did the legislation pass that had 42.87% yes votes?
How many no votes were there in the partial public funding of election campaigns legislation?
How many touchdowns did Sam Babcock get?
How many extra points catagories are there for the na player?
The player who had 5 touchdowns had how many extra points?
What is the smallest number of safeties?
If the longitude is 157.941° e, what is the latitude?
If the latitude is 08.979° s, what is the depth?
At what latitude did the shock at time 13:10:02 occur?
On which date did the shock at latitude 08.909° s occur?
What was the longitude for the shock that occured on 2010-01-09?
If the longitude is 158.091° e, what is the depth?
What is the highest number for W?
What is shown for ends lost when pa is 44?
What was the original airdate of episode #733?
What was The Word for production code 6084?
What was the number of "The Word" segments for episode number 727?
Compute the number of times Dennis Rodman recordedhigh rebounds given a regular season
List all rebounds equal to 10 for  Dennis Rodman 's 1991–92 season
What is the highest rebound  Dennis Rodman obtained within the 20 rebounds category given two of the following:points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocked shots (points) greater equal to 5
If the episode number is 2-01 what is the original UK air date?
If the episode title is Pressures, what are the names of the cast?
What is the episode number for episode title Leave Takers?
For episode number 2-03, what are the names of the cast?
What is the total number of birth/2012 for January–December 2012 in Kurgan Oblast?
What were the total number of 2012 deaths when 2012 births were 127?
What were the total number of 2012 births for the January–December 2012 Tver Oblast region?
What were the total 2012 births when the 2012 deaths were 163?
How many pf catagories are listed for the skip that had 3 for l
How many l's are there for the skip with 3 for w?
How many ends won catagories are listed when there are 8 stolen ends?
How many extra points did Germany Schultz score?
What is the least number of field goals scored by a player?
How many field goals were scored by the player that got 7 touchdowns?
How many ends were won where the blank ends are smaller than 3.0?
What is the largest amount of ends won when stolen ends were 3?
How many counties are at milepost 69.5?
In what city or town is Stratford (limited service)?
At what city or town is milepost 71.1?
How many towns or cities are at milepost 71.1?
At what milepost is Beacon Falls?
How many people wrote episode number 2 of the season?
What episode number of the season did Tony Basgallop write?
What episode number of the season is episode number 11 in the series?
Which competition did the toronto city saints win?
What was the number of teams in the competition that wynnum manly seagulls won?
How many cook island league competitions were there?
How many positions are shown for the 2010 season?
What is the season with podiums more  than 2.0?
Which series is in position nc?
What are the  f/laps for race 14?
How many flaps are there for the team march 3 racing (1-4) top speed racing team (5-12)?
If the player is Maake Kemoeatu, what is the int maximum?
What is the ydi minimum?
What is the fumrec minimum?
If the player is Reed Doughty, what isthe fumrec?
What stadium(sO does san juan jabloteh play in?
Wh owas the captian of the north east stars?
What was the maximum capacity of larry gomes stadium?
What is the lowest season #?
Who directed  series # 422?
How many directors were there for series # 431?
What episode  number of the series aired on February 26, 1968?
How many people directed the episode that aired on February 5, 1968?
Who directed the episode that aired on September 25, 1967?
Who directed the episode that aired on February 19, 1968?
How many episode titles aired on September 25, 1967?
name the most series number for season 22
What is the earliest stage where mountains classifications was awarded to Peter Stetina?
what is the title where the airdate is december 5, 1964?
what is the number of series where the airdate is december 26, 1964?
Who was the actor/actress with a first appearance is 3 june 2007?
Who was the actor/actress with a last appearance of 1 january 2010 and total is 20 and character is vanessa 'nessa' jenkins?
What is the highest total number?
How many  characters where actor/actress is larry lamb?
What was the last appearance of actor/actress is pam ferris?
How many total are there when actor/actress is pam ferris?
What is the lowest GDP (ppp) per capita?
Who directed the episode that had 12.88 million viewers?
What was the original air date of the episode written by amanda segel?
What was the original air date of the episode directed by gloria muzio?
What was the original air date of the episode directed by frederick e. o. toye?
What is every value of Top 10 when team is #10 Phil Parsons Racing and average finish is 22.9?
What is every year with average start of 27.2?
How many values of top 10 for 5th position?
What is every value for top 5 if average start is 21.9?
How many values for winnings correspond to average start of 19.0?
What is the name of the school in Lucas ?
What was the pick number for Andrew Quarless?
How many players are from Purdue?
who are all the players when season mvp is less than 1.0 and second team is less than 1.0
when number of selection is 2 and first team is 1 who are all the player
what would be final four mvp maximum when first team is 1
when season mvp is larger than 1.0 what is the maximum number of selection
who is first team when dimitris diamantidis play.
What is the earliest term limit for the senator who resides in Coshocton?
What is the party for district 27?
How many party classifications are there for the senator from Canton?
What is the party affiliation for Senator David Goodman?
What is the term limit for Senator Tom Niehaus?
What is the party affiliation for senator mark Wagoner?
If the residence is Chagrin falls, who is the representative?
If first elected on 2003 (appt.), when was the term limited?
How many times was Scott Oelslager a representative?
In which district is the residence Dublin?
If the representative is Dave Hall, when was the term limited?
If the Representative is Barbara sears, what is the district number?
What is the original airdate of the episode that had 8.23 million viewers?
How many millions of viewers did Episode number 16 have?
Name the vessel type for beluga shipping
Name the vessel type for dof subsea
Name the most number in season
Name  the narraed by for beluga shipping
Name the number of season for beluga shipping
Name the least number in series for james quinn
Name the least number in season for brad markowitz, william n. fordes & rené balcer
What institution is located in St. Peter?
What is the enrollment for Augsburg college?
What was the earliest date an institution was founded that joined in 1977?
How many different types are allocated to the institution in Bridgewater, Massachusetts?
What is the enrollment for the institution in Westfield, Massachusetts?
Which institutions primary conference is merged into the university of Massachusetts boston?
What is the football conference for Henniker, New Hampshire>?
What date did the institution that left in 2013 and that is nicknamed Corsairs, join?
Who wrote title number 38?
Which match was the final score 7–6 (7–0) , 6–7 (5–7) , 4–6, 6–2, 6–7 (5–7)?
What is the lowest ends won when w is 8?
If the qatari male is 1104, what is the grand total?
If the grand total is 5814, what is the total non qatar?
If the year is 2001, what are the non qatari female?
If the qatari female is 918, what is the total number of females?
How many outcomes occur for score in the final of 6–3, 6–4, 7–6 (13–11)?
How many outcomes occur on the date of January 31, 2010?
How many numbers correspond to the score in the final of  6–3, 6–4, 7–6 (13–11)?
How many championships are there when there are 6 points
When there are 2 wins, how many poles are?
What is the production code for episode #78?
What is the number of titles written by Charleen Easton?
What is the number of production codes for episode #73?
where is Fisk University located?
What is the nickname of the institution that was founded in 1857?
What is the enrollment for the institution nicknamed the panthers that left in 2012?
What is the institution whose current conference is gcac (naia)?
How many original artists were there for the Group Performance?
What song was used resulting in the bottom 3?
What is the theme for Audition week?
What was the results for top 12?
Who was the original artist for First Solo?
Which episode is #4?
What is every year for joined with the Ravens nickname?
What is every institution with a nickname of Ravens?
how many revised hepburn when english is roman characters
when chiji is revised hepburn what are all the english
how many number of english when kunrei-shiki is otya
how many kana spelling when english is mount fuji
when english is tea how many nihon-shiki
What was the original airdate of the episode with production number 2x03?
How many episodes had production number 2x13?
How many different kickoffs happened when the oppenent was at Rhein Fire?
How many different kickoffs happened when the opponent was the Scottish Claymores
What is the lowest enrollment for Eastern Michigan University?
What is Kent State University's team nickname?
How many Kent State University's are there?
How many school teams are nicknamed "Bulldogs".
If the public is 4, what is the total?
How many results where given for the vote percentage 3.1%?
What couple had a vote percentage of 5.2%?
What was the vote % of Heather and Matt?
Who was the couple on the bottom two?
WHat was the max public with danniella and matthew?
If the overall viewers were 1.83 millions, what was the overall market share?
If the episode was number 234, what was it's timeslot?
What episode came out in the year 2007?
What was the timeslot for the episode in the year 2008?
How many times was the viewer target group 0.63?
Name the role for pick number 17
Name the brand for pick number 15
Name the employee real name for raw and superstar
What smallest amount in the weeks at peak column?
In which series did Lecor Sports participate?
How many times did he hold 12 poles?
In how many races did he have 8 podium finishes?
how many seasons  did he race in team Carlin?
How many entries are in the ranking for jacqueline kohl?
what measurement does the contestant from sindelfingen have?
for how many federal states is the city of lahnstein listed in the ranking?
who are the participants from hanover?
What is the highest numbred district that has brian w. thomas as an incumbent?
What was the status of the election featuring incumbent margaret kaiser?
How many episodes were directed by Arlene Sanford?
What was the title of the episode with a production code of 2010?
How many production codes had a US viewership of 4.43 million?
How many times is the opponents in the final is beti sekulovski cindy watson?
Who is the partner when the opponents in the final is stephanie dubois olga savchuk?
Which artist had a result of 4?
What is the minimum score given in judging panel points?
For the game whose developer was Ailive, is it a Move-only release?
How many titles/sources have a developer of Clover Studio?
What is the title and source for the game developed by Hydravision Entertainment?
What is the series # on airdate September 21, 2002?
what was the name of episode 5?
when did 14.55 people watch?
What is the smallest top 10 figure?
What is the earliest year on the chart?
Which team had $15,785 in winnings?
How many positions are there for RB1 Motorsports?
What is the highest number of wins?
Who is the captain of Cardiff City?
Who is the captain of Neil Warnock's team?
Who is the captain of Dave Jones' team?
Who is the chairman of Mark Robins team?
Name the release date xbox 360 for sea wolf
What party was represented by incumbent Richard Coulter ?
What was the result for Henry Daniel's race?
When was Henry Daniel first elected?
How many first elected years are provided for Thomas P. Moore?
What district is Joseph Lecompte in office in?
What party does joel r. poinsett represent?
What was the first elected year that featured incumbent andrew r. govan?
In what district is the incumbent Charles Fisher?
First elected in 1807 1817 in what district?
The candidates Charles Fisher (DR) 65.1% W. Jones (F) 34.9% is for what incumbent?
In district North Carolina 10, what are the candidates?
Candiates Charles Fisher (DR) 65.1% W. Jones (F) 34.9% had what result?
Who were the incumbent(s) in the election featuring  john murray (dr) 50.4% george denison (dr) 49.6% with a result of a retired democratic-republican hold?
Who were the incumbent(s) when the result was a retired democratic-republican hold and the first elected representative was in 1816>
Who were the candidates in the election where william wilson was the incumbent?
Name the result for pennsylvania 8
Name the result for 1810
Name the district for hugh glasgow
Name the incumbent for lost re-election democratic-republican hold
Name the district for first elected 1810
What party does James Pleasants belong to?
When was William Kennedy first elected?
what was the section where the winner is william hoge
who was running where the winner is daniel montgomery
who was running in the section pennsylvania 5
Who was the incumbent in the district that first elected someone in 1807?
When was someone first elected in the district with incumbent john smith?
What party represents the district with incumbent matthew clay?
What party represents the district with john g. jackson?
How many times was the incumbent john dawson redistricted from the 15th district?
What is the party for the candidates edwin gray (dr)?
What is the result in the virginia 11 district?
What is the district with the candidates edwin gray (dr)?
How many incumbents were first elected in 1797 with the candidates abram trigg (dr)?
What is the production code when the u.s. viewers (million) is 11.76?
What was the u.s. viewers (millions) when the production code was 4alh19?
What is the operator name when the distance is 3105km?
what is the no when the distance is 4168km?
How many people wrote the episode with 3.40 million U.S viewers?
How many MotoGP winners were there when the circuit was Catalunya?
Who are all the Moto2 winners when the grand prix was Shell Advance Malaysian Grand Prix?
Who are all the motogp winners when the circuit was Catalunya?
What was the area (km²) (per sqmi) of the country Colombia?
What was the maximum population of the country with Quito as capital?
What was the population of a country with a population density of 14.3/km² (/sqmi)?
What was the area (km²) (per sqmi) of a country with a population density per km² of 8.4/km² (/sqmi)?
What was the country with a population density per km² of 3.5/km² (/sqmi)?
What is the capital of the country with a population density per km² of 15.6/km² (/sqmi)?
what is the position for pick # 103?
What is the pick # for nhl team vancouver canucks?
What is the nationality of the player kevin stevens?
What is the highest pick number for player don barber?
What is the college/junior/club team for player don barber?
What is the nhl team for the position centre and nationality united states?
What country do the Winnipeg Jets come from?
How many teams got pick number 130?
Where are the Buffalo Sabres from?
When harvey laidman is the director what is the season number?
When 3.89 is the production code how many season numbers are there?
How many episodes is episode number 4 in the series?
How many million viewers watched episode 3 in the series?
What is the maximum home attendance if the average is 11,322?
What is title numer 103's rank for weekly rank sky1?
What was the rank by Weekly Rank Sky1 for title number 97?
What was the weekly rank by Virgin media for the title aired on May 20, 2010?
A what time was the title aired in October 22, 2009
What is the hand number of the hand where player 1 is south and the east wind is prevailing?
What is player 1 when player 3 is South and the prevailing wind is South?
Who directed the episode that had 0.54 million U.S. viewers?
Who wrote the teleplay for the episode directed by Tim Robbins?
Who directed the episode that had 0.57 million U.S. viewers?
What number episode in the season was watched by 0.49 million U.S. viewers?
How many times is the series italian and the circuit is valencia?
Who had the fastest lap for the circuit magione?
Who had the fastest lap when the winning driver is giorgio sanna?
Who had the fastest lap when the winning driver was kristian ghedina?
What is the title of the episode directed by Romeo Tirone?
When did the episode written by Abe Sylvia originally air?
Which episode number had a viewership of 0.56 million?
Who was the writer in the episode directed by Jesse Peretz?
With the Royal Navy as Combatants B, what was the result?
In what conflicts was the Italian Navy Combatants B?
How many battles resulted in Battle of the Yellow Sea?
What is Paul Coward 492cc nourish Weslake's lowest rank?
What was the time on Monday August 23rd for Steve Linsdell 499cc royal enfield seeley?
Does the model e5504 have a turbo boost?
What is the speed of model x5560?
What is the maximum L3 cache of the processor whose speed is 2.00 GHZ, has a QPI speed of 4.8 gt/s, and is model e5504?
How many models numbered L5506 have a QPI speed?
What was game 3 when there were under 2.61m viewers?
How many episodes had 4.44m viewers?
What committees do the district 46 members serve on?
Name the least league apps for total apps of 5
Name the least fa cup goals with fa cup apps being 2 and fw
Name the total apps for league apps being 4
Please mention those appointment dates those are replaced by alfredo aglietti
Mention all the applicable team who are replaced by gianluca atzori
For team reggina please mention all the outgoing manager
For team ascoli please mention all the appointment date.
For outgoing manager is alberto malesani mention all the applicable replaced by person
For livorno team mention all the manner of departure
Phil Klemmer wrote all titles and production code is 3t6455.
Season 9 all the titles were no. in series.
Title is the total number where u.s. viewers (million) is 7.56.
How many items appear in the written by column in episode 3?
What episode was written by Matt Maclennan?
What is largest total number that was written by Sheri Elwood?
Name the air date for ratings of 2.19 million
Name who directed the air date of 12 july 2010
Name the least episode number for jonathan harvey
Name the total number of written by for 26 july 2010
Which season had a result of 1–0 (aet)?
What is the date in the 2007-08 season where the away team was the kaizer chiefs?
How many dates are shown for the home team of orlando pirates and result of 1–3?
What is the division where the result was 0–2?
What is the date where the home team was kaizer chiefs and the division was mtn 8 semi-final?
What are the L2 cache specifications of part number amql64dam22gg?
What is the operating voltage of part number amql64dam22gg?
What are the possible multipliers for 1900MHz processors?
How many thermal design power levels does part number amql65dam22gg have?
What kind of sockets does a 2100MHz Athlon X2 QL-64 use?
What is the total number of years active listings where Asian Cup played as a captain is Japan 1992?
How many matches as captain were played where Asian Cup played as a captain is Qatar 1988
What were the years active where Asian Cup played as a captain is Iran 1976?
What were the years active where Asian Cup played as a captain is Qatar 1988?
Who is the first driver(s) when the country is romania?
How many times is last/current driver(s) 3 november 2013 is adderly fong ( 2013 )?
Who is the last/current driver(s) 3 november 2013 when first driver(s) is marlon stöckinger , kotaro sakurai ( 2011 )?
What is the country when last/current driver(s) 3 november 2013 is daniel abt ( 2012 )?
How many losses did the club who had 9 bonus points and 11 wins have?
How many bonus points did the club who had 379 points for have?
Which club had 5 bonus points?
How many bonus points did the club who had 18 losses have?
How many points for did Munster have?
How many points against did the club who had 353 points for have?
What was the team the Suns played against in game number 4?
Who got the most points in game number 5?
What is the default desktop environment when the code base is ubuntu 8.04 and edition is fluxbox ce?
What is the compatible repository when the version is old version, no longer supported: 9 and default desktop environment is lxde?
What is the the codename when the code base is ubuntu 8.04 and the edition is fluxbox ce?
What is the default desktop environment when the edition is kde and the compatible repository is ubuntu 13.04?
What is the version when the codename is ada?
What is the version when the compatible reposityory is xubuntu 10.04
What is the highest population in 2001?
What district is known in Armenian as քանաքեր-զեյթուն?
What is the Armenian name of the district that is 8.37 km² large?
What is the name of the soccer stadium in NL providence?
which providence's soccer stadium was founded in 2005?
What is the team mascot for the soccer team in Charlottetown?
Which province has the soccer stadium that holds 4,000 people?
Which University's soccer stadium in named Moncton Stadium?
Name the current womens lacrosse conference for 6000 enrollment
Name the city for enrollment being 19900
Name the current womens lacrosse conference for bison
Name the most founded for bison
How many weeks was K.Maro at #1?
How many weeks was France at #1?
Name the number one singles for week 1 being 5
Name the number one singles for  desvarieux, jacob
Name the least weeks at number 1 for 1988
What is the name of the episode that was written by Scott M. Gimple?
What is the title of the episode with a production code of 2j5504?
How many people wrote the episode with a production code of 2j5507?
What was the latest number in series that was directed by Skip Sudduth?
What number in season had 10.18 million US viewers?
What was the original air date of the episode that was directed by Alex Zakrzewski?
What number in season is number 141 in series?
What province was New Plymouth formed from?
Why was Otago formed?
What provinces were formed from New Munster?
How many provinces are named Wellington?
If the decision was by Lalime, when in January was it made?
If the game was on January 21, which game was it?
If the score is 5-3, who made the decision?
If the opponent was the Philadelphia flyers, what was the record?
If the record was 22-21-5, who was the opponent?
If the opponent was @ Boston Bruins, what was the Location/Attendance?
What day in February was the team 17-29-7?
What was the teams record when they played the ottawa senators?
What was the team's rcord on february 1?
What day in February did the team play the boston bruins?
In what season did Pons Racing compete?
What's the f/laps count for the team with 8 podiums?
What is the lowest stage when the yellow jersey is Ronan Pensec?
What is every yellow jersey entry for the distance 125?
Who is every stage winner at the distance of 162.5?
How many entries for start of stage occur in the year 2006?
How much power does dwzf have?
What is the branding for callsign dypv?
What is the branding for the station located in san jose del monte?
How many call signs does the location masinloc, zambales have?
What is the frequency of the station located in polangui, albay?
If the mountains classification is Mathias Frank, and the General Classification is Fabian Cancellara, what is the Points classification?
If the stage is smaller than 5.0, and the points classification is by Marco Marcato, who is the General classification by?
How many different people had a General Classification on Stage 5?
How many times was Robert Gesink a winner?
If the winner is Rui Costa, who made the mountains classification?
What was Team 1 Junior's points?
What was the 2nd leg score  if the team 1 is Deportivo Pasto?
Who was the team 2 that played against team 1 Atlético la Sabana?
How many new points were earned by rk 26?
How many points were won where new points was 1680?
What are the total points for sd 15?
What is the total number of sd listings where the status is quarterfinals lost to Novak Djokovic [1]?
How many different counts for won points does Flavia Pennetta have?
What's Kaia Kanepi's Sd?
What's the status of the player with 3041 points?
When 62 is the number in series who is the writer?
When steve holland is the writer what is the air date?
When 231 is the production code what is the title?
When there are 5.2 million u.s. viewers how many numbers in series are there?
Name the total number of outgoing manager for villarreal b
Name the date of appointment for 26 may 2011
Name the outgoing manager for esteban vigo
Name the number of team for 19th position
Name the manner of departure for luis enrique
Who was the opponent in the Women's Cup 0 0 where Brancão Couto 0 is the scorer?
What is the result of the game where the opponent is Innsbrucker Kilmarnock CSK VVS Samara?
How many seasons was the opponent Vamos Idaliou Krka Novo Mesto SV Neulengbach?
Who were the scorers in the game with final score 0–4 7–1 0–3?
Name the kickoff for rheinstadion
Who had the high point total on october 20?
What was the series record at after game 3?
What was the location and attendance for game 2?
Who had the most points and how many did they have on April 22?
Who had the most assists and how many did they have on October 5?
List all artists with choreographer Marcos Aguirre and a simple rating.
How many times was the overall attendance 17807?
What is the overall attendance in the places where the average attendance was 17148?
What season was the average attendance is 16043?
What was the overall record in the season where average attendance was 16720?
Name the high assists for march 14
Who had high assists in game number 9?
Who had high assists in the game played at Oklahoma city arena 17,509?
Which team played on November 15?
Which series had a score of  l 103–112 (ot)?
What was the location and attendance when lebron james (10) had the high assists?
How many teams were there when  chris bosh , lebron james (8) had the  high rebounds?
Who led in assists on January 17, and with how many?
What was the score of the January 8 game?
What game number was on January 14?
what is the date of the game that the high assists is raymond felton (4)?
How many games were on october 17?
What is the record for the game against team @ Minnesota?
What is the date the high points was by toney douglas (23)?
How many episodes had an audience of exactly 25.3 million viewers in the U.S.A.?
Who had the high points when high assists is tim duncan (5)?
what is the date when the location attendance is energysolutions arena 19,911?
how many times is the team oklahoma city?
what is the game where the high points is by manu ginóbili (26)?
what is the location attendance when the record is 39–7?
What is the maximum basketball game?
How many entries are shown for  high points when the score was  l 87–89 (ot)?
What was the other team in game 11?
Who scored the high points for the game with record 9–3?
Name the date for washington
Name the record for 23 game
Name the most game for december 1
What was the score of the game against portland?
Who had the high assist total on january 27?
What is the location and attendance of game 70?
What team was the opponent when josh smith (8) had the high assists?
What is the game number where josh smith (4) had the high assists?
What is the series number when al horford (10) had the high rebounds?
What is every team with location attendance of Philips Arena 12,140?
How many games were played on october 16?
What is the score of game 4?
What is the score of the game played on october 16?
What is the team played on october 5?
who had high assists on november 12?
What is the date when the high points is michael beasley , martell webster (16)?
What is the game with the team indiana?
Who had high rebounds when the date was march 25?
What is the highest game with the score l 96–103 (ot)?
What is the team when the high points were by wesley johnson (20)?
what is the record for date december 11?
who had high assists on december 3?
where was the location that had game 19?
Where was the game played and what was the attendance on May 13?
What was the location and the attendance for the game on October 12?
Name the number of processors for nec sx-4 vector processor
Name the most peak performance for october 2006 - january 2010
Name the cpu type for  june 2005 - april 2009
Name the total number of model for amd opteron dual-core 2.6ghz
Name the number of processors for october 2006 - january 2010
What was the result for the cirtcuit where the LMPC winning team was #89 Intersport Racing?
how many winnings does jeff gordon have?
what are the minimum points for tommy kendall?
what is the minimum position with 31 points?
who is the driver that had winnings of $225,000?
How many different standards have a PM of 0.02 g/kWh?
What's the HC for the Euro I standard?
What's the HC for the standard with NO x of 7.0 g/kWh?
What's the PM for the standard with 12.3 g/kWh CO?
What's the NO of the standard with HC of 1.23 g/kWh?
What was the original air date of the episode that had 5.42 million viewers?
How many people saw the game won by G. Claypool (4-1)?
What was the overall record in the game won by D. Klein (2-0)?
What was the overall record of the game lost by A. Pracher (4-1)?
What was the PAC-10 record of the game played on April 20?
How many different numbers are there for the game played on April 23?
Wat episode number had 5.46 million viewers?
What episode in the series had 5.24 million viewers?
Who wrote the episode that had 5.93 million viewers?
In what edition was the opponent team Zimbabwe?
What was the outcome in the 2010 Europe/Africa Group IIB edition?
What was the team's record against philadelphia?
What day did they play the phoenix suns?
Who had the high point total when they were 8-5?
Who had the high assist total when the team was 0-1?
Who had highest points during game against the Utah Jazz?
What location with it's corresponding attendance was the game against Utah Jazz?
What were the scores of the games with a record of 47-34?
Who performed the most rebounds on games against the Minnesota Timberwolves?
Who manufactured the car driven by Will Power and Scott Dixon had the most laps?
Who had the pole position in Detroit?
Who was the driver in round 4?
Who had the pole position in Milwaukee?
Who was the driver in round 8?
What race did Simon Pagenaud have the most laps in?
what is the name of the episode whose director is Michael Pressman and the number of that episode in that season is less than 10.0?
how many millions of North American people saw the episode whose director was Ed Sherin?
what is the name of the episode whose writer is philippe browning?
how many premieres had the episode that had 12.68 millions of north american viewers?
how many episodes in the series had as a production code 16016?
What car make was sponsored by Aflac?
How many points and bonuses did Kurt Busch get?
What make was the car driven by Jeff Gordon?
What was the greatest number of laps run?
What is the represent province for the contestant whose hometown is Woerden?
How many contestants are 1.80 mtr. in height?
Which episode had viewership of 0.296 million?
How many timeslots had viewers of 0.238 million?
Which episode was #1 in the order?
What's the density in the district with 2320529 citizens in 2011?
What's the code of the district in which 312520 people lived in 2011?
What's the code of the district with 800.5 people per km2?
How many people lived in the district with a code GP in 2011?
How many people lived in the district whose headquarters is in Bhubaneswar in 2001?
How big (in km2) is the district with a code BW?
What is the number of this season's episode that had the production code 2t6206?
What episode number of the series had a production code of bdf409?
What episode number of the season was written by Tom Garrigus and had 2.31 million u.s. viewers?
What is the highest numbered episode in the series?
What episode number in the series had a production code of bdf405?
Who is the operator when Roe was the bodybuilder?
What is the variant when Alexander was the bodybuilder?
Who was the bodybuilder when Coventry was operating?
How many different variants are there for Northern Counties bodybuilder?
Who is the operator when willowbrook was the bodybuilder?
How many teams had a point margin of 48?
How many teams eliminated béziers from competition?
Who was eliminated from the competition when pau proceed to the quarter final?
Who was eliminated from the competition when connacht to the quarter final?
Who proceeded to the quarter final when the london irish were eliminated from competition?
What was the aggregate score for the match won by Brive?
What was the match points score for the match won by Connacht?
What was the aggregate score for the match won by Viadana?
Name the cfl team for patrice denis
Name the cfl team for robert beveridge
Name the college for dl
Name the number of colleges for jerome pathon
Name the number of cfl teams for jeff traversy
Name the position for british columbia
What original air date was the episode with production code of 5.05?
Who wrote episode with production code 1.01?
What is the title when the director is Maynard C. Virgil i ?
Who is the director when the production code is 60034?
What is the name of the episode with 418 as the production code?
What episoe number in the season originally aired on February 11, 1988?
What episode number in the series is also number 17 in the season?
What is the production code for episode 96 in the series?
What is the production code that was written by matt robinson?
Which title has 147 as no. in series?
What is the original air date the was written by mark st. germain and direct by jay sandrich?
What are the networks whose version of the show includes the judges batuhan zeynioğlu piatti murat bozok erol kaynar?
How many networks are there that include the judges pete goffe-wood andrew atkinson benny masekwameng?
How many networks are there whose version of the shows includes judges tba and the presenter is Arbana Osmani?
How many sets of presenters are there for the version of the show named Celebrity Masterchef?
Who is the incumbent of district pa-8?
How many incumbents are in district la-1?
Who directed the episode whose production code is pabf05?
What is the last number in season of the episodes written by Dan Vebber?
What is the number in season of the episode whose production code is pabf05?
When were the Spartans founded?
How many affiliations does the University of Toledo have?
What is the affiliation of Davenport University?
What is the highest 2001 population when the ethnic group is white: british?
How many times is the ethnic group other: total?
What is the highest 2011 population when the ethnic group is asian or asian british: asian other?
Name the affiliation for 27209 enrollment
Name the least founded
Name the founded for florida state university
Name the location for yellow jackets
How many college teams have a player with a nationality of Russia?
Which pick did Michel Larocque receive?
Which team picked Blaine Russell?
How many entries for district home are listed for the 87th congress?
What time span is listed under years for the 96th congres?
What party is listed for the Representative under the 85th congress?
How many entries are listed for party during the 69th congress?
What frame of time is listed under years during the 72nd congress?
What name is listed under representative for the 112th congress?
What is the value of the runner up column for the Alberta province?
What year was Ontario's first LLCR?
What is the pinyin name for the english name xin county?
What is the area of 罗山县?
What is the English name of gùshǐ xiàn?
How many simplified names are there for xin county?
What is the density of the place with an area of 1512?
What is the area of xin county?
How many positions are associated with the St. Louis Blues?
Which junior team is associated with an NHL pick by the Buffalo Sabres?
Which position was selected for by the Toronto Maple Leafs?
How many different college/junior/club teams had player John Dzikowski?
What pick was Greg Strome?
What is the gender of the  cunningham hill infant school?
What is the gender with a age range of 3-11 at the st adrian roman catholic primary school?
What is the website of the cunningham hill infant school?
Where is the cunningham hill infant school located?
Name the event 3 deadlift for hennie jordan
How many rebounds per game did Andrej Džaković average when playing 35  minutes per game?
What are all the winning records when the result is Scotland won on points table and the Runner-Up result is [[|]] 4 points?
What is the runner-up record where winner record is Ireland 59 points?
Which nation hosted the competition in 2004?
What was the final venue whene England hasted the competition and the runner-up record is [[|]] 4 points and the winner record is [[|]] 6 points?
What is the most recent year in which the winner record is Ireland 4 points?
under which president was gunther volz executed?
who was executed during president charles de gaulle's reign for thr crime of child murder after rape?
where was mazouz ghaouti executed?
for what crime was gunther volz executed at metz?
How many of Asian release statuses does Uno HD have?
Which titles have been published by Gamehouse Live?
What was pinky's bmi at the reunion?
What was miles's bmi att the reunion?
How many lbs were lost at the reunion by the contestant whose finale weight was 151.4?
How many contestants had a starting bmi of 33.1?
What is the reunion weight of the contestant that lost 52 lbs at the reunion?
What is the reunion weight of the contestant who lost 74.4 lbs at the finale?
Who is the team when the category is blocks per game?
What is the listed in games played when the player is jimmy alapag?
What is the team when player is listed as Ronjay Buenafe?
What is the name of the player when the category is listed as field goal percentage?
What is the games played when the category is points per game?
Who is the player when the category is steals per game?
What are the names of the categories when the player is olsen racela?
How many times is a total listed when the player is Jay Washington?
What is the total listed when the average is 0.667 and the category is 3-pt field goal percentage?
What is the name of the player when the category is 3-pt field goal percentage?
What are the titles of episodes with 5.66 million US viewers?
What are the titles of episodes directed by whitney ransick?
Who wrote the episode with 3.96 million US viewers?
What was the maximum value that Christer Tornell gave when Trine Dehli Cleve gave a 9?
How many games did Robert Peare play?
How many free throws did Charles Pearman score?
How many shared titles does the club whose last final was 2012 have?
What was the year of the last final for the club whose last title was 1990?
What is the minimum number of shared titles for the club whose last final was in 2006?
What is the latest year of last final for the club whose last title was in 1994?
What are the number of runners up for Royal School Dungannon?
What is the track whent the vocal percussionist is unknown?
Who is the arranger when the vocal percussionist is Alexei Kalveks and Dave Brennan?
What is the original artist when the vocal percussionist is Alexei Kalveks?
How few km 2 does the  area with Nay Pyi Taw as capital cover?
What is the 2012 population of Indonesia?
What are the numbers for GDP (nominal) per capita and USD (2012) of the area with Phnom Penh as capital?
What is the distance of jockey Jason Titley?
What is the name of the jockey for Pink Gin?
The location attendance is ford center 17,021 on what dates?
In game 73, what were the total number of high assists?
What is the location for the game on October 20 with it's corresponding attendance?
Who directed episode 11 of the season?
How many episode titles does episode 19 in the season have?
if the bbi is 4/39 what is the average
if the economy is 3.63 what is the bbi
in the leage what was the minimum 4wi
What is the poor law union on Marshalstown?
What is the maximum acres in Castledermot?
What is the civil parish of Aghafullim?
How many acres is the townland of Maddenstown Middle?
How many original air dates did the episode directed by Bethany rooney have?
What is the production code for the episode that aired on October 15, 2004?
What is the original air date for episode graeme clifford directed and lindsay sturman wrote?
Who was the player that was picked by Los Angeles Kings?
What nationality was peter slamiar?
What team did the New York Rangers recruit a player from?
How many countries had players named Marc Savard get picked?
What country does the player who joined the Vancouver Canucks originally hail from?
How many times did Alyn McCauley get picked?
Which nationality has left wing as the position and college/junior/team is portland winterhawks (whl)?
Which nhl team has the player kevin mckay?
How many picks have canada as the nationality and larry courville is the player?
Which pick has marko makinen as the player?
What college club team did the Dallas Stars choose their draft pick from?
Who was picked for the draft by St. Louis Blues?
Which stadium is located in Adelaide, South Australia?
In what location was a stadium built for the St Kilda Football Club?
What is the location of the Moorabbin Oval stadium?
What was the stadium in Adelaide, South Australia built for?
What was the stadium in Moorabbin, Victoria built for?
What was the capacity at construction of the stadium in Gold Coast, Queensland?
how many total number of moto2/250cc when country is united states
how many minimum 350cc has
how many country has moto3/125cc with 15
When arthur collins is the winner what is the reason?
When ihaia tainui is the incumbent what is the date?
When rangitikei is the electorate who is the winner?
When waikaia is the electorate what is the highest by-election?
When 1881 is the by-election and death is the reason who is the incumbent?
What is the name of the partner that has a winner outcome and a hard surface?
How many week 2 scores have a week 7 score of 40 + 40 = 80?
What is the smallest week 3 score?
Which couple had a week 2 score of exactly 23?
when 68 is the episode number what is the series number?
when 69 is the episode number what is the air date?
What draft pick is a goaltender?
What position does Olaf Kolzig play?
What team drafted a player from Sweden?
How many company commanders were commissioned or elected on November 12, 1861?
In the 250 series on clay what were the scores?
what is the most amount of cattle where they live in british columbia
what is the most number where cattle is 13000
what is the amount where the area is new brunswick
what is the location where there are over 200 cattle businesses
what is the least amount of cattle head
what is the least amount of milk cattle in ontario
What is the production code of the episode that was watched by 3.81 million U.S. viewers?
Who wrote the episode with a production code of 116?
What number episode in the series had and original United States air date of December 24, 2010?
Who wrote the episode directed by Jos Humphrey that had an original Canadian air date that was unknown and a United States original air date of August 27, 2011?
What is the original United States air date of the episode written by Mike Ferris?
Who was Andrew and Georgies guest when Jamie and Johns guest was Joe Calzaghe?
What were the scores when Jamie and Johns guest was Phillips Idowu?
When was episode 02x02 first broadcast?
Who was Andrew and Georgies guest when Jamie and Johns guest was Jessica Ennis?
When was episode 02x07 first broadcast?
List all the MCs with peak ranking of 6 who were inducted in 2007.
List all the MCs with 5 appearances who were inducted in 2007?
How many appearances by Meek Mill?
What are the championship venues where the score was 6–7 (4–7) , 3–6?
On what surface was the Australian Open (6) played on?
Who was Bob Bryan's partner/s on a hard surface in 2003?
which vessel area was called for on november 30, 1970
what project was initially started before september 20, 1968
when was the first start date that actually began on august 6, 1969
Who directed the episode with production code ip01003?
How many poles does the European F3 Open series have?
What is the maximum season that has exactly 2 podiums?
Who wrote episode 23 of the season?
How many seasons are there for the 3rd position?
What season was the team autosport academy?
What is the series for race 7
What season shows podium 7?
How many French heads of state have a head of mission of Xavier Daufresne de la Chevalerie?
What city is Tiffin University located in?
What is the enrollment at the private university?
What is the original air date when the director is Rowan Woods and the writer is Peter Duncan?
How many sources are there for south africa?
What is the premiere date of the american disney xd tron uprising site?
What country is in the region of France?
What is the title in Canada?
What was the best finish for 206 on the money list?
How many ranks on the money list had a best finish of t10?
Which money list ranks had a best finish of 2?
What is Jonathan Kaye's money list ranking?
Where is Cameron Beckman's rank on the money list?
When 6 is the w what is the pa?
When 5 is the l what is the lowest amount of stolen ends?
How many million people in the US saw the episode with production code 105?
Who directed the episode that had 1.48 million viewers in the U.S.?
what is the status for seed 14
which player had the status to the fourth round lost to tsvetana pironkova [32] Answers:
how many new points does the player roberta vinci have?
How many o-19% are where the quartier is in saint-loup?
how many 20-39% are in pont-de-vivaux?
the quartier menpenti has how many 40-59 year olds?
What episode number in the series was directed by Winrich Kolbe?
What is the position for the university of akron michigan bucks affiliation
What is the position for the university of north carolina carolina dynamo affiliation
how many pick# does the chivas usa  mls team have
how many pick# does the university of akron reading united michigan bucks affiliation have
what is the position for the united states u-20 affiliation
What is the title of the episode with a production code of FL209?
Who directed the episode that was watched by 2.67 million U.S. viewers?
What is the lowest value for int. caps?
How many trains are there for the route via trivandrum, ernakulam, newdelhi?
What is the route for the destination of  guruvayur?
How many route/via's are there for the ernad express?
What is the destination of the route kulitthurai,neyyattinkara?
What is the train number for the train name island express with a destination of kanniyakumari?
How many reservations for sc/st are there in constituency 191?
Which locations had their first year in 2001?
How many editions did Club Q-base concept have ?
What is the lowest value for runs when the average is 42.36?
How many entries for 50 occur when strike rate is 92.81?
What is the lowest value for innings?
What is every strike rate when cathces/stumpings is 13/1?
What is every high score for a strike rate of 84.88?
How many entries for 100 occur when the average is 15.78?
What is the chromosomal location of il-1β?
What are the coreceptors of the chromosomes in that location 11q22.2-q22.3?
How many different chromosomal locations are there in the family il-1f8?
Where is il-36β located?
What are the names listed in the family  il-1f2?
Which chromosomes have an unknown property?
Name the least mister international
Name the most total for south korea
Name the semifinalists for singapore
Name the number of semifinalists for 19 rank
Where was d: ~50nm, l: ~600nm geometry researched?
How many materials are there for output power of ~0.1 pw per cycle (calculated)?
How many synthesis are there for 5~16.2 pw per cycle (calculated) output power?
Where was d: ~100nm, l: 1 μm geometry researched?
Where was d: 25~70nm, l: 10~20 μm geometry researched?
Who are all providers with destination of Liverpool?
What is every entry for intermediate stops for the destination of Manchester?
How many route numbers occur for the origin of Birmingham and destination of Bristol?
What is every origin for the destination of Manchester?
How many providers have a destination of Blackpool?
What is the maximum number of starts?
What is the maximum number of poles?
What is the minimum number of poles?
Name the date for  s. valentino alla muta , italia
Name the date for 2011 and position larger than 2.0
Name the discipline for 1561 fis points
Name the position for fis points being 3495
what is the number of the wc matches if the matches were 79
what is the number of the least matches
if the matches are 16 what is the wc matches
Which barony contains a townland with an area 24 acres?
How many different civil parishes is Canrooska a part of?
What poor law union is Curradonohoe a part of?
What is the barony for the Ballintaggart townland?
What is the poor law union for the Barnahely towland?
What is the barony of the townland whose area is 150 acres?
In which townlands is the civil parish Monkstown?
Which townland has an area of 165 acres?
Name the total number of barony for kilmore
Name the poor law union for area being 332
How many townlands are there for caheragh and is larger than 270 acres?
Which civil parish is for the townland clooncugger?
How many poor law unions have an area of 262 acres and is in drinagh civil parish?
How many current account balances are associated with GDP at constant prices growth rates of 4.6?
How many export volume of goods/services values are associated with GDP at constant prices values of 3.072?
How many export volume of goods and services values are associated with GDP at current prices of 161.340?
What is the current account balance for an export volume of goods and service value of -4.2?
What is the current account balance for a GDP at current prices of 142.640?
What is the GDP at constant prices for a current account balance of 12.8?
Tell me the games for total less than 4 for swimming 1968
Tell me the total number of bronze for silver being 0 and sport of wrestling and total more than 3
Tell me the lowest Bronze for gold of 3 in the winter for cross-country skiing and silver less than 0
What is the lowest round for an offensive guard when the overall is smaller than 150?
Which college was the player selected from in round 1?
Tell me the DA for bureau chief ada
Tell me the left office for enrico la loggia
Tell me the portfolio of minister of carlo giovanardi
Tell me the left office for mirko tremaglia
What School/Club Team has a Player named Juan Dixon and a Position of guard?
Which Player's Position is guard and played in Toronto during the Years 2007-08?
What Player is from Argentina and whose position is a guard-forward?
What School/Club Team played in Toronto during 2012?
What was the result of the syracuse grand prix?
What year has a result of 3 in the venue of Jarama.
Tell me the highest opponents for record of 7-3 and vikings points more than 7
Tell me the most attendance for game less than 1
Tell me the surface of 2 december 1974
Name the score for moscow, ussr 15 february 1971
Name the lowest year for 12th position
Tell me the competition for half marathon
Tell me the category of na director
I want to know the highest heat rank for overall rank of t63 and time less than 25.47
Tell me the country for lane of 6
Tell me the overall rank for heat rank of 8
Tell me the position of chris clark
Tell me the nhl team for 74
Tell me the pick for canada centre
Tell me the format for geffen of the united states
Tell me the format for worldwide region july 22, 2008
Tell me the label for digital download for bonus tracks version
Which team has a rank of 6?
Name the horsepower for VIN code of h and engine for 351-2v cleveland v8
Name the horsepwer for compression ratio of 9.00:1 and carburetor of 2-barrel and engine 302-2v windsor v8
Tell me the VIN code for compression ratio of 10.50:1
Tell me the network for 13 january 2009
Tell me the prize for belgium
Tell me the 13 january 2009 host
Tell me the host for rtl-tvi
I want to meet that has a time 2:15.93
Tell me the location of lithuania 12 october 2013
Tell me the title of work for year more than 2009
When was there a Result of 8–0 and a Score of 1–0?
What was the result of Bridgeview, Illinois?
When did a Competition of friendly, and a Score of 2–1, and a Venue of philadelphia , pennsylvania occur?
What was the score on June 28, 2009?
Tell me the nationality of pick 140
Tell me the position for pick of 146
Tell me the NHL team for mike gaffney
Tell me the nationality of pick of 153
Tell me the player for pick of 145
What tournament took place on October 11, 2013?
Which tournament took place on June 18, 2013?
What is the average week on November 7, 1976 with an attendance less than 46,735?
Who is the opponent for week 5?
Tell me the highest overall rank for heat rank more than 4 and lane less than 2
Who is the partner with a runner-up outcome on April 6, 1992?
What outcome occurs on a hard surface with a score of 4–6, 6–7(3)?
On what date did Lori McNeil play as a partner with a score of 6–7(6), 5–7?
What is the most losses that the Royals had when they had a percentage over 0.461, won over 86 games, and finished 2nd in 1953?
Tell the opponent of eastbourne with score of 6–0, 5–7, 3–6
Tell me the outcome of 2–6, 1–6
Tell me the surface for eastbourne 14 june 1999
Tell me the category for result of won and year more than 2009
Tell me the nominated work larger than 2011
Tell me the result for primetime emmy awards
What competition was held 1 March 1909?
Tell me the total number of gold for total less than 1
Tell me the model for total production of 1347
What is the total amount of Gold from guatemala and silver smaller than 0?
Tell me the event for 2012 london games
Tell me the games for men's 5000 metres
When did the w 20-19 happen?
What was the attendance of the w 28-13 game?
Tell me the voting turnout for 1985 general elections
What is total number of wins for England?
The Soviet Union has won more than 2 Silver, but how many Bronzes?
Which Alliance Constituency has Seamus Close, position 2 and an election smaller than 1997?
I want the average for evening gown of 7.52 and swimsuit larger than 7.78
Tell me the lowest interview for oklahoma and swimsuit less than 8.8
Tell me the sum of evening gown for average of 9.06 and swimsuit less than 8.76
Tell me the highest interview for north carolina and evening gown more than 7.68
Which NCAA Tournament Appearances have Conference Titles that are larger than 0, NCAA Titles of 0, and were coached by Lou Watson?
Tell me the category for 2012 and drama league award
Tell me the highest time for spain and lane larger than 8
Tell me the average heat rank for time less than 24.02 and lane of 1
Tell me the total number of time for heat rank of 1
What would the LCD screen size and pixels be for the coolpix 5700?
What is the lens zoom and aperture for the coolpix 5400?
What is the average number of rounds when fighting against Clay Guida?
Where was the fight against Gray Maynard?
What was the result of the 4:27 fight?
What was the record at WEC 24?
What was the result when there were less than 3 rounds against Gil Rael?
What is the amount of assists for richmond kickers and points larger than 24
What is the average amount of assists with a rank higher than 6 and goals 10 and the scorer is Robert Ukrop
Which Tournament has a winner Outcome with a Score of 6–3, 7–5 with Kimberly Po-Messerli as a Partner?
What is the Outcome of the Los Angeles Tournament when the Partner is Julie Halard?
On what Date is Alexandra Fusai a Partner with a Score of 4–6, 6–3, 6–1?
Tell me the home of 2-3
How much money did the country with 282 stores make in sales?
What is the smallest sales area (m²) that has €4,094/m² and more than 2 stores?
Tell me the average spectators for 2006-06-21 and time more than 21
Tell me the sum of closed for city of pittsburgh and capacity larger than 59,000
Tell me the lowest closed for capacity of 62,439
Tell me the college/junior club team for pick of 16
Tell me the nationality for pick of 18
I want the player for NHL team for mighty ducks of anaheim
I want the NHL team for wade belak
Tell me the tournament for outcome of winner and score of 4-6 6-3 10-5
Tell me the partner for opponents of anamika bhargava sylvia krywacz
Tell me the partner for outcome of winner and score of 7-6 (7) 5-7 10-7
Tell me the opponents for score of 6-1 2-6 7-10
Tell me the score of misa eguchi eri hozumi
Tell me the date for dinah pfizenmaier anna zaja and winner
Tell me the opponents for mashona washington november 21, 2009
What is the smallest total for a rank below 4, 0 silver medals, and 2 gold medals?
How many gold medals on average were earned by Italy when they held the rank of 4?
Who is the player from Canada with a 199 pick?
Which college or team has a pick of 196?
What is the pick number for Ray Giroux?
Tell me the lowest pick number for columbus crew
Tell me the total number of pick for university of portland
Tell me the lowest pick number for new england revolution
Tell me the affiliation for diego walsh
Tell me the total number of pick for university of virginia
Tell me the D3 compatible for availability of yes for wode jukebox
Tell me the pts for glasgow rocks
Tell me the season for quarter-final position of 4th
Tell me the average Laps for grid of 6
Tell me the carburetor for engine of 250-1v i-6
Tell me the bore and stroke for Engine of 351-2v cleveland v8
Which country is ranked number 2 and has less than 5 total medals?
What is the (MT) time which has kansas city chiefs as an opponent on nov 11?
Tell me the opponents for runner-up and surface of grass
Name the venue for netherlands opponent
Name the opponent for 10-04-2007
Name the runs balls for wicket of 3rd for australia opponent
Name the wicket for 19-03-2007
Which fleet launched on July 30, 1961?
Which shipyard has a fleet that was laid down on April 21, 1962?
What is the status of the fleet that was commissioned on July 28, 1963?
Tell me the launched for august 31, 1964
Tell me what was commissioned december 30, 1965
Which episode with a demo of 0.7/3 was the lowest?
When is the air date that demo-ed at 1.6/5?
For demo 1.6/5, what is the title?
What date was gabriela paz-franco the opponent?
What surface was the game played on for the September 13, 2009 match?
On which track did Takashi Kogure hold pole position?
On round 3 for Arting Team Impul, who held pole position?
Who was the winner when Katsuyuki Hiranaka had the fastest lap?
Before round 9, when Takashi Kogure held pole position, who was the team?
Tell me the MPEG-2 of yes and MPEG-1 of yes
Tell me the MPEG-1 for real video of no
Tell me the affiliation for mls team of metrostars and pick number of 26
Tell me the total number of picks for position of m of williams college
who was the runner-up in the 1915 competition for 'Articles with HCards'?
Who was the runner-up in 1887 competition for 'Articles with HCards'?
What is the home team score when the away team is Collingwood?
what fleet is associated with the number L4?
what number is associated with the baltic fleet and leninets (ленинец)?
when was garibaldets (гарибальдиец) launched?
when was the number l6, with a fleet of black sea, launched?
what number is associated with the name chartist (чартист)?
What date did the VFL play Punt Road Oval?
Who played home team at the Arden Street Oval game?
How much did the away team score at Victoria park?
What date was the ensemble in North East England closed?
What was the operator of the ensemble from Yorkshire?
When was the ensemble closed that went on air in June 2003?
What was the license award date for the ensemble from South Wales and the Severn Estuary that was on air in July 2001?
What is the operator of the ensemble from Yorkshire?
Who was the home team when attendance was over 41,846?
Where did Collingwood play as the home team?
What was South Melbourne's score when they played as the home team?
What was the attendance when the VFL played Lake Oval?
What is the Winning Team with Rick Mears' and Kraco Twin 125 (R1)?
What is Penske Racing's name?
Who is the winning driver of Penske Racing, and what was Rick Mears' pole position?
Who was Kraco Twin 125 (R2)'s Winning Driver?
What is the Report of Winning Team Penske Racing, and what was Rick Mears' Pole position?
What is the Pole Position for Winning Team Penske Racing, and the Name of II Copa Mexico 150?
Who was the away team at the game held at Brunswick Street Oval?
What was the largest crowd at a game where Collingwood was the away team?
For the group with 1.92% population in 1981, what was their percentage of the population in 1971?
For the group with 1.79% population in 1961, what was their percentage of the population in 1971?
What is the rice amount when the potato amount is 79?
What is the yam amount with amount of soybean 0 and potato of 0.01?
What is the yam amount when the Cassava amount is 0.11?
What is the wheat amount when the potato amount of 1.9?
What is the Sweet Potato amount when the soybean amount is 1.65?
What is the Yam amount when the Maze/Corn amount is 1355?
Which province and flag has a water area (km 2) of 0?
When did the Browns play the Pittsburgh Steelers?
Who is the home side when north melbourne is the away side?
Where was the game played where Collingwood was the away team?
What was the total tenure time with a rank of 49?
Who did Teo Fabi drive for when he won and had pole position?
Who won for Forsythe Racing when Bobby Rahal had pole position?
Which team had the fastest lap of 1:13.516?
Who had the fastest lap when Al Unser won?
What is the maximum number of players for the sega game, hang-on (cartridge version)?
Which Away team has a Score of 4–2?
Which Home team has an Away team of al-ain fc, and a Year of 2002/03?
Which Home team has a Year of 2002/03, and a Venue of tahnoun bin mohamed stadium?
Which Away team has a Home team of al-ain fc, and a Score of 1–1?
What is the attendance of the game that was played on September 27, 1964?
What is the home side's score when geelong is the away team?
What was the score of the tournament that was held in 1974?
What was the date when South Melbourne was the home team?
Where did Hawthorn play as home team?
When the VFL played Brunswick Street Oval what was the home team score?
Where did Geelong play as the away team?
What was the attendance when Fitzroy played as home team?
What was the attendance when Hawthorn played as home team?
What engine did Casey Mears use on the Reynard 01i Chassis?
What Chassis did Memo Gidley use?
Who used the Honda Engine for all the races?
What is the location of the 200m backstroke?
Which circuit did Guy Edwards win?
What circuit did Rupert Keegan win in round 8?
Who won Silverstone in a round after 10?
What rank did actor Aaron Pedersen's character have?
What years were actress Nadine Garner on the show?
What character did actor Damien Richardson play?
What episode did actor Daniel Macpherson's character have the rank of Detective Senior Constable
Who are the sideline reporter(s) on NBC with al michaels on the play-by-play after 2013?
What was the earliest year featuring Sideline reporter(s) of michelle tafoya and suzy kolber?
What network is working in 2014?
Who were the sideline reporter(s) in 2011?
Who were the collor commentator(s) for ESPN before 2012?
What higher harmonics have an NOAA of 8?
What is the speed of the higher harmonics that have an NOAA of 37?
What is the NOAA of the higher harmonics that have a Darwin of mn 4?
What is the NOAA of the higher harmonics that have a Darwin of m sf?
Which higher harmonics have a speed of 0.0821373?
What is the Home team score for the Lake Oval Venue?
What is the 2005-05 production for milk?
Which home team score occurred at Victoria Park?
Which home team played at Glenferrie Oval?
On which date was the venue at Windy Hill?
Who has a round of 3 with a method of decision?
What was the finishing time of Stage SS6?
What was the finishing time of the stage that featured a distance of 18.25km and a start time of 11:31?
What was the average speed over 18.00km for winning driver Jean-Claude Andruet?
What was the finishing time of the Stage that featured a distance of 24.00km and a start time of 21:27?
Which name is 51.89 (2.043) long?
Which bullet has a Shoulder of 10.92 (.430)?
Which shoulder has a Neck of 7.3 (.288)?
Which bullet has a Length of 33.78 (1.33)?
Which length has a Bullet of 6.5 (.257)?
What is the lowest overall pick for a player from Washington?
What position does the player from Oklahoma who was drafted in round 7 play?
What is the highest overall number for a player from Kentucky State?
In what round was a defensive tackle drafted with an overall pick smaller than 149?
How many attended the game with north melbourne as the away side?
What venue featured north melbourne as the away side?
How many attended the game with north melbourne as the away side?
How many teams from the Atlantic 10 conference made it to the Elite Eight?
How many Big 12 teams made it to the Final Four?
What chassis did Gordon Johncock use with his cosworth engine?
Who drove the Chevrolet with the Eagle chassis?
What tires did BFM Enterprises run on their Offy engine and manta chassis?
What chassis does Gary Bettenhausen use?
What chassis doe Ross Davis use?
What engine does Chip Mead of Parts Washer Service use?
Which heat and lane was in rank of 22?
Who has a rank below 125 and time of 00: 56.30?
Which Terminus is on line 10?
The color diamond is assigned to which Terminus?
Stations of 16 is assigned what length?
The color sapphire is assigned to which Terminus?
Daily ridership greater that 414 is associated with which length?
Which competition did Târlea come in 4th place, in 2003 at Budapest, Hungary?
Prior to 2004, what was the name of the competition that took place in Johannesburg, South Africa and had the 400 m hurdles event?
What events did the competition that took place in 1997 have?
What was the earliest year that Târlea took 7th place?
What place did Târlea come in at the European Indoor Championships?
What venue did the European Championships' 400 m Hurdles take place?
what year has the highest marcel granollers champions?
What is the child sex ration for the population with 37.7% work participation?
What day does the team play at punt road oval?
What venue features geelong as the away side?
How many pages does the story from 1987-08 have?
What is the story code of the story published on 2002-12?
Which driver drove car Wolf WR3?
Which driver drove car McLaren M23 at the Snetterton Circuit?
What car did Tony Trimmer drive at the Oulton Park Circuit?
What date did the International Gold Cup take place?
What's the theme for a series of season 3 with smaller than 148 days?
What is the home team score when the away team is Collingwood?
What is the crowd size when Geelong is the away team?
What is the highest crowd population when the away team is Geelong?
What away team plays at Arden Street Oval?
Which name has a pressure of 985hpa (29.09inhg)?
What dates was the storm called 07 active?
Which building was built in 2015, has less than 40 floors and is larger than 509 feet?
What is the highest floor for the building measuring 220 meters?
How many entries feature a year built of 2010?
What are the numbers for lc models built in 2009?
Who has a Record of 5-2?
For the race Champion Spark Plug 300, what is the report?
For the race held at the Cleveland Burke Lakefront Airport circuit, with winning driver Emerson Fittipaldi and pole position Michael Andretti, what was the winning team?
What is the average number of deaths for earthquakes centered in Damghan?
What was the score of the home team when Richmond was the away team?
What was the result of the match that took place in Perth, featuring a score of 48-12?
What was the result of the match in Penrith that featured a score of 48-12?
What is the home team score when st kilda is the away team?
What is the home team score when st kilda is the away team?
What venue featured fitzroy as the home squad?
What is the home team score at brunswick street oval?
What nationality is the guard from ucla?
What position is played by farmar, jordan jordan farmar?
What region is William R. Johnson Coliseum in?
What was the host for the round in Nashville?
What was the host of the round at Hammons Student Center?
What city is University Gym (Gold Mine) in?
What city in the east region in North Carolina was the round where the University of Richmond was the host?
What was the host of the round in the Montagne Center in Texas?
Which venue had a match played on August 16, 2006?
Which match was played on April 2, 2006?
Who is the Constructor for round 5?
Which round has the mv agusta f4 1000 mt?
Who does Yamaha Construct for?
Who is riding the Ducati 999 RS in Round 7?
Who is the Constructor for the Trac Racing Team?
What was the away team score when Richmond was the home team?
What was the away team score for the game played at the Brunswick Street Oval?
Where did Hawthorn play as the away team?
What rank did Poland receive with a time of 1:50.12?
What is arizona state overall lowest?
What are the fewest losses for a player lower than 3, with wins fewer than 75%, 0 draws and 56 points?
How many tries for the player whose number is greater than 2 and losses are smaller than 0?
What is the number of tries for the player who is larger than 16?
What is the smallest draws for a player larger than 2 with a 100% wins?
What is the average draws for a player larger than 16 with more than 1 tries and a win percentage smaller than 56.15%?
What was the 2011 Wimbledon result?
What was the result of the 2011 US Open when the 2007 was F?
What was the result in 2007 when the 2011 was F and 2009 was W?
Which tournament had the result of a W in 2009?
Which 2009 tournament had Grand Slams?
Which tournament had the result with 2009 was F and 2010 was F?
What was the date of the game when Hawthorn was the home team?
Which season had a margin of 10?
What did the Tournament of Australian Championships, with an A in 1969, get in 1954?
What did the Tournament of SR get in 1951?
What did the tournament with a QF in 1969 get in 1956-1968?
What did the tournament that got an A in 1945 get in 1949?
When did Geelong play as the home team?
When North Melbourne played as the away team, what was the crowd numbers?
How many rounds did Honester Davidson play?
What School or Club team has an overall score of 21?
What total number of Overalls has a round that was smaller than 1?
What player is a kicker?
What position and school/club team of Oklahoma state has an overall less than 410 and a round smaller than 5?
Which player plays forward and is from Kentucky?
What team was the away team for the venue punt road oval?
What is the highest ranked player who opposed Westmeath?
What is Tony O'Sullivan's county?
What Network has Punjabi as the Language?
What Genre has Hindi as the Language and Star Gold as the Network?
What is the Origin of Programming for the Network NDTV India?
What is the Origin of Programming for the Network MTV India?
What is the Language for Network PTC Punjabi?
What Genre has the Network Zee TV?
What team was the home team at the venue junction oval?
What away team played when the home team was south melbourne?
What team was the home team when Richmond was the away team?
What was the score when geelong was the away team?
What was the CB CW for the year of 1982?
What is the most current year that had a BB CW of 78?
What was the North Melbourne's score when they played as the home team?
What was the attendance at the St Kilda home game?
What was the attendance when the VFL played Junction Oval?
Where did Melbourne play as the away team?
What is Fitzroy's home field?
Who was the away team at punt road oval?
What was the away team score at victoria park?
Who was the home team in the game played at arden street oval?
What was St Kilda's away team score?
Who was home team South Melbourne's opponent?
What was the music for the team who earned a score of 13 (5, 4, 4)?
What was the music of the team that was eliminated?
Which couple danced a jive and received a score of 21 (6, 7, 8)?
What was the score of the team that danced a jive and was safe?
What engine did Dick Simon Racing use?
Who drove for Arciero Racing?
What Chassis did Rich Vogler use?
What tires did Johnny Parsons use?
What race did Bobby Unser win?
Which driver won the Indianapolis 500 the year the Chaparral team also won it?
Which report includes Bobby Unser as the Pole Position and Rick Mears as the Winning driver?
Which race has a winning team of Penske Racing, and a winning driver of Bobby Unser?
On what day is geelong the home team?
What venue featured collingwood as the away side?
What is the home team score at windy hill?
What season has races larger than 18 and 36 points?
The venue of Brunswick Street Oval was used on what date?
What is the smallest crowd with the away team of North Melbourne?
On which date was Essendon the home team?
What is the name of the airport with IATA code DAC?
What is the IATA code for Delhi?
What is the IATA code for the city with ICAO code of RCMQ?
What is the airport with ICAO code of WMKP?
What is the IATA code for SHahjalal International Airport?
What is the ICAO for the airport in Ningbo?
What is the BB pop of the song with a CB CW of 1, RIAA of P and was released more recently than 1976?
What is the CB CW of the song which has a BB Pop of 11?
What was the crowd numbers when the VFL played Victoria Park?
When the VFL played at Junction Oval what was the away score?
Who was the away team for the game played in front of more than 41,402 fans?
What Home team played Richmond?
What is Melbourne's home venue?
Was the game home or away when the record is 6-12?
What is the date of the away game at the Blue Cross Arena?
What is the week for the stadium that had an attendance of 22,286?
How many assists for player(s) with over 107 games and ranked less than 2?
What is the total number of assists for players with under 55 games and over 6 assists per game average?
What is the average rank for players with less than 2.9 Assists per game?
What circuit had an ensign n180 as the winning car in round 5?
How many rounds total were there on may 31?
What was the average round for the oulton park circuit?
Who was the opposing team at the match played at the Arden Street Oval?
What was the opposing team's score at the match that was played at Victoria Park?
Which venue did the match where Collingwood was the home team take place?
Who is the away side when north melbourne is the home side?
How many games feature hawthorn as the away squad?
What Nationality has a Time of 9:01.70?
What is sun yang's lowest rank?
How many ranks have a ationality of canada, and a Time of dns?
Who played Fitzroy at their own home?
What team plays at home at Lake Oval?
What was Melbourne's score as the away team?
On what date was the match played in Victoria Park?
What is the away team's score when geelong is the away team?
What is the away team's score when south melbourne is the away team?
What was the result of the film made before 2005, winner of the robert award, in the category of best actress?
What was the result of the bodil award winning film from before 2005 in the best actress category?
What category is the nominated work of cecilie, winner of the robert award?
Who was the away team at Victoria Park?
What is the date of the game where Footscray was the away team?
What week did they have a bye?
How many people watch at Western Oval venue?
How many people are in the crowd in south melbourne?
What was the highest crowd at Windy Hill?
How many people at Arden Street Oval?
Which Neck has a Bullet of 10.566 (.416), and a Base of 14.78 (.582)?
Which Case Length has a Base of 14.96 (.589)?
A .416 barrett has which Case Length?
Which Name has a Case Length of 73.99 (2.913)?
Which Base has a Name of .44 wcf?
Which Name has a Bullett of 10.57 (.416) and a Base of 14.96 (.589)?
When Richmond was the home team, what was the home team score?
What was the highest crowd size at Windy Hill?
When the away team was Geelong, what was the home team score?
When did the home team of Richmond play?
How many golds for Canada (12 total)?
What was the team's record after week 7 with 28,161 attending?
What was the attendance at war memorial stadium?
How many silver medals did the country that won 20 gold medals win in the 1955 Pan American Games?
What team had 159 laps and a Time/Retired of 6:30:02.3733?
What team had less than 159 laps and a time or retired time of 4:00:30.7537 (retired - fire)?
What was the score of the Browns game against the San Francisco 49ers?
What was the final score for Aguilar when he played Hans Podlipnik on clay and was runner-up?
What round is highest and has a defensive tackle position and overall lower than 282?
What position is the round higher than 15 and has an overall of 411.
What is the name of the away team with glenferrie oval venue?
What stadium is in penrith?
What day did they play in central park stadium?
What is the lowest attendance when footscray is the away team?
What venue featured essendon as home team?
What is the sum of crowd(s) at princes park?
What is the away team that features a home team of south melbourne?
What is the smallest crowd when collingwood is home team?
During which round was the first defensive end with an overall rank larger than 186 drafted?
What is the highest number of losses with 23 points and 22 plays?
What is the sum of goals scored for the Al Wahda team with less than 4 drawn and more than 22 plays?
How many goals scored against the opposing team occurred with more than 7 losses, less than 27 goals scored for the team and drawn more than 1?
What is the highest number of plays when drawn is more than 4, more than 30 points were earned, and 37 goals scored for the team?
What was Geelong's score when they were the away team?
What was the score of Richmond when they were the away team?
What is the away team's score at brunswick street oval?
What is the smallest crowd at punt road oval?
What was the earliest year that had more than 105,579 flying hours and a seat factor of 68%?
What player played for the Balmain Tigers?
What was the nationality of five-eighth player Darren Lockyer?
What nationality did Greg Inglis hold?
Where was the match played in 1998?
What was Footscray's Home team score?
Who faced Collingwood as an away team?
How many total points belong to the team with a goal difference of 8?
What K League classic had less than 10 teams?
How many teams played before 2008, had a K League Classic of runners-up, and a Manager of kim ho?
What was the score of the away team at Junction Oval venue?
When Collingwood was the home team who was the opposing away team?
What is the team score of the away team at Junction Oval?
What team is from Lake Oval?
Who is the runner-up for Ilhwa Chunma?
What was the attendance when Collingwood was the away team?
What was the attendance of the Hawthorn as the away team?
Where did Richmond play as the home team?
What is the home team score for the game with the away team Carlton?
What is the away team for the game at Windy Hill?
For the race held on 10/08/86, what was the circuit?
What circuit saw Cabin Racing as the winning team?
Who was the winning driver driving the winning car March - Honda 86j, with the winning team Team Nova?
Who was in Lane 5?
What was Arkady Vyatchanin's time?
What is the away team's score when north melbourne is the home team?
What is the smallest crowd with fitzroy as the home team?
What school did the linebacker who was drafted after round 8 come from?
How many pens does Siaosi Atiola have?
What pens have a draw of 0 when the player is sione mafi pahulu?
What is the lost for span 2006- when conv is 0?
How many tries does Fakahau Valu have?
What school did the punter picked after 101 attend?
What player was picked 176?
What player was drafted 252?
What is the venue where Collingwood played as the away team?
What is the date of the game where South Melbourne was the away team?
What is the average number of laps when the country was NL and the race number was smaller than 8?
What is the total number of E edges of the polyhedra with vertices V greater than 20?
What are the points for the Seven Sisters RFC club?
How many tries were for the 7 lost?
How many tries had a losing bonus of 5, and were part of the Maesteg Celtic RFC club?
What was lost against 383 points?
What's the rank for Daewoo Business Center when the notes are cancelled?
How many floors have a Height m / feet of 900 / 2,952?
What is the height for shanghai x-1 financial building?
What is the rank for the 96 floors?
On what Date is the Circuit at Sandown Raceway?
What is the City/State of the Oran Park race?
In what City/State did John Bowe win at Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit?
Which season has a percentage of 13.56%?
How many poles has a percentage of 22.08%?
How many poles does driver Nelson Piquet have?
How much Loss has an Avg/G larger than 129.2?
Which Loss is the lowest one that has an Avg/G of 3.5, and a Gain smaller than 42?
How much Avg/G has a Loss larger than 117, and a Name of opponents, and a Gain smaller than 2444?
How much Avg/G has a Long of 51, and a Loss of 333, and a Gain larger than 2013?
How much Avg/G has a Name of robert marve, and a Gain smaller than 236?
What is the score where Saint-Amant lost the match?
Where was the match located when the odds were p + 1 and the score was 1/3?
What was the score for an n/a location with the odds of p + 1?
What was the score for a game with the odds of p + 2 after 1847?
What was the date of a game that had the odds of q rook?
What is the nationality of the player in round 7?
Which player is from the United States, and played for the Bowling Green Falcons (CCHA) as their College/Junior/Club Team (League)?
Which College/Junior/Club Team (League) did the player in round 6 play for?
What round did Jamie Cooke play in?
What are the average points White made with 0 extra points?
How many points does Sweeley have, with less than 0 Field goals?
Who had the most touchdowns with more than 0 Field goals?
When was the game at the home of the Los Angeles Kings?
On April 22 when the Los Angeles Kings where visitors what was the record?
Tell me the name for round of 1
Name the sum of pick # for round less than 1
Name the total number of overall for brent hawkins and pick # more than 28
What is the value in 2012 if it is 2R in 2013, 1R in 2005, and 1R in 2008?
What is the value in 2006 when it is Grand Slam Tournaments in 2012?
Which tournament has a value of 2R in 2008?
What is the value in 2008 when 1R is 2009 and 3R?
Which tournament has a 1R value in 2007 and 2009?
What is the value in 2013 when it is 1R in 2007 and 2009?
How did michelle do in archery?
What City is the Jal hotel in?
How did he win with a time of 0:38?
Who did he fight in Rumble of the Kings 6?
How long was the match with Jaime Fletcher?
The team Glenn Seton Racing has a circuit at the lakeside international raceway, what is the location and state?
What location and state has a circuit of Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit?
with race of ranvet stakes what is the group?
Which Slalom has a Downhill of 4?
What Version has a Remixed by Perky Park with a Length of 6:38?
What is the total number of Year that has an Album of Remixes?
What is listed for the Lengtht that has a Version of Single Version?
what is the sum of attendance of week 11
Which opponent had a result of 0:1?
When was the game played in Zagreb?
Which opponent played a 1990 wcq type of game, where the results were 0:0?
When was the game played against Norway with a result of 1:0?
the sum of Events that has a Rank larger than 5 is 3
Who was Alicja Rosolska Partnered with when the Score in Final was 4–6, 3–6?
On what Date was the Score in Final 6–3, 6–3?
What was the Opponents in Final during the match with a Score in Final of 6–4, 3–6, 5–7?
How many seasons took place in aspen, usa?
Which place was earned on 12 feb 2012?
Where was the race on 28 dec 2010 held?
What is the overall length with a designation of s-8ko?
What designation has a launch weight of 11.3kg?
What type has an overall length of 1.605 m?
How many touchdowns were made where field goals were less than 0?
While Duncan Thompson played, how many points did he have where there were 0 field goals, 0 extra points, and more than 9 touchdowns?
When Herb Graver played, how many field goals were made when there were more than 50 points, less than 15 touchdowns, and more than 0 extra points?
How many field goals were there, where the points where less than 45 and there were less than 15 touchdowns?
What is the position of the race with a point of test driver?
How many wins did team Kolles & Heinz union, with f/laps of 0, have in the Formula Three Euroseries?
Which series has 4 f/laps?
How many wins did Team Autotecnica, with 0 podiums, have?
How many races had 10.5 points?
How many wins did the team with 5 podiums have?
What is recorded as the lowest Round for the Player Jim Thompson?
What is the highest Round that has a Position of Tackle and the Player Fred Neilsen?
What Position has a Round of 27?
Name the sum of drawn for points less than 6 and games more than 8
How much Displacement (tons) has an Armament of 2 x -inch (mm), 16 x -inch (mm)?
Which Opponent has a Round larger than 1, and an Event of king of the cage 31?
Which Time has a Round larger than 1, and an Event of total fighting alliance 2?
Which res has a Record of 3-0?
Which Location has an Event of king of the cage: flash point?
Who were the opposing team when a Loss was listed with Lowe (1-4)?
What body styles have 6/75 as the model?
What body styles have devaux-hall inline 6 as the engine?
What model has de vaux continental as the make?
What wheelbase has sport coupe (4p.) as the body style?
What was the score when the home team was Toronto?
What was the record when Minnesota was the home team?
Which city held the game in Old Trafford before 1907 when the Opposition was sussex?
What was the score when the opposition was sussex after 1890?
What city had a score of 20 in aigburth after 1907?
What was the score when the opposition was sussex in liverpool?
What is Director Erik Matti's Producer?
What is Director Bona Fajardo's Producer?
What is the Producer on December 25, 2006?
What Title has a Role of Mylene?
In what Year is there a Role of (cameo)?
On what date was the result 106-105?
What was the result for Portland at home on June 12?
Who was the home team with a result of 105-99?
On what date was Game 1?
On what date was Game 3?
On what date was Portland on the road for Game 2?
What was the highest number of games played when they had over 14 against and 3 losses?
What was the position for team corinthians with over 14 against?
How many games played for team bangu with under 15 against, and over 9 points?
When is Northern Ireland the opponent?
Name the length for class of gts-2 and date of october 8
Name the circuit with class of gts
Name the length for all class and date of march 18
How many Games has a Team of chicago?
What is the High points of charles oakley , kevin willis (11)?
Which Game has a Score of w 90–82 (ot)?
What is the High rebounds of washington Team?
What is the sum of Game on february 28?
Which Country has a number of Wins larger than 2?
What ranking has the nationality of spain and the goals of 26?
What name is the goals of 25?
what's the grid with time +37.949?
what driver has 12 in grid?
what is the highest grid for new zealand?
what team has +1'25.337 for the time?
What was the result at A Arena, the SL league, and a match number over 16?
Opponent of @ atlanta flames had what game?
Record of 3-3-1 had what lowest game?
What was the date when the game had a save by Aguilera (5)?
What was the Save in the game that has a Loss of sanderson (6-5)?
Which Wins have a Rank of 3?
Which Events have a Player of tom kite, and Earnings ($) smaller than 760,405?
Which events have a Rank of 1?
What is the fewest Points that has Willie Heston as Player and less than 3 as Touchdowns?
What is the Departure time at Rajendranagar Terminal?
What is the Station Code of the Destination Station Departure?
At what Platform is the Departure 18:00?
What is the Station Name of the Arrival Starting Station?
What is the Arrival time of the Patna Junction Station?
What Station Name has an Arrival time of 01:10?
What was the score for the game against the New Jersey Nets?
On which date was the game played against the Milwaukee Bucks?
What was the result of the game against Luxembourg?
When did the city of Novi Sad participate?
What was the result of the game against Luxembourg?
What was the result for the game at Memorial Stadium in week 15?
Which Series has a Score of 0–6?
Which Series has a Game larger than 1, and a Date of april 18?
Which Series has an Opponent of new york rangers, and a Score of 3–2 ot?
Which Series has an Opponent of @ new york rangers, and a Date of april 22?
How many Played have a Lost smaller than 3, and a Difference of 6, and Points larger than 6?
How many Points have a Drawn smaller than 0?
How many Drawn have an Against smaller than 5, and a Played smaller than 3?
Which Position has an Against of 5, and a Drawn larger than 0?
Which Played is the highest one that has a Lost smaller than 1, and a Difference of 6, and an Against larger than 2?
Which Points is the lowest one that has a Position larger than 5?
what team lost the most points
What opponent has 3-2 as the score, and anderson (2-6) as a loss?
What score has an attendance less than 10,553?
What is the highest episode of Wood Flutes segment c?
What is Segment D of 20-08 series Ep.?
What year did they get 4 points with Suzuki?
What was the last year that they had less than 16 points in class 500cc?
Which party had an incumbent of W. Jasper Talbert?
which team has a record of 13-18?
What was the record for May 26?
What was the loss details for the team with an attendance of 15,298?
What city has march 30 as the date?
What opponent has april 23 as the date?
What opponent has euro '84 qualifying as the type and split as the city?
What results has euro '84 qualifying as the type of game and norway as the opponent?
What game type has 2:1 as the results?
What date has friendly as the type of game, france as an opponent, and paris, france as the city?
What is the date of the Mosport Park circuit?
What is the length of the Laguna Seca Raceway circuit with a class of gtu?
What is the class of the Charlotte Camel gt 500 race?
What is the length of the race on August 15?
Where is Exxon Mobil, an oil and gas corporation, headquartered?
In what Tournament was laura Gildemeister the Opponent?
Date of january 11, 1998 has what surface?
Score of 4–6, 6–4, 6–4 included which tournament?
Final that has a Date of january 10, 2004 had what opponent?
Tournament of tokyo, japan, and a Score of 4–6, 6–4, 6–4 had which date attached?
Score of 3–6, 7–5, 6–4 included what date?
What are the fewest number of podiums associated with a Series of formula renault 2000 brazil, and under 1 pole?
What position has over 0 wins and under 3 podiums?
How many wins are associated with 20 points and over 1 podium?
What is the largest number of households with median family income of $52,106 with less than 21,403 in population?
What is the most households with a median household income of $54,086 with less than 231,236 in population?
Which country has a $46,426 median family income?
What is the average grid with a number of laps smaller than 8?
What is the lowest grid with rider casey stoner and laps that are smaller than 27?
What is the total grid number with laps that are larger than 27?
What is the lowest number of laps with a time/retired of +38.426?
What is the sum of laps that has a time/retired that is +19.475?
What player is from canterbury (ushs)?
Which Opponent has a Game of 33?
What's the Score that's got a listing of December that larger than 8 and Record of 25-8-3?
What is the total number of earnings for golfers who have 28 events and more than 2 wins?
On what Date was The Open Championship in Japan?
What was Tom Weiskopf's Finish?
Which Laps have Points of 29?
Which Grid has a Driver of cristiano da matta, and Points smaller than 33?
Which Team has Laps smaller than 105, and a Grid smaller than 18, and Points of 11?
How many Points have a Team of rusport, and Laps of 45?
What is the players name in the guard position?
What is the Overall number for pick 17?
What number round has an overall of 123?
What is the Name with an overall of less than 123 for the Detroit Lions?
Who is drafted overall less than 49?
What position is drafted from Grambling?
Which opponent's event was sb 24 - return of the heavyweights 2, and had a method of TKO (knee and punches)?
Which method had Travis Fulton as an opponent?
Which opponent had a round of more than 1 and an even of PFP: ring of fire?
What's the segment A in episode 42?
Sfax has a total ordered number of?
What was the score on March 5 at Vancouver?
Who directed the nominated film 'blood on his hands'?
What is the rank of the film, Amelia and Michael?
Who directed the nominated film, Badmouth?
What was the production company for the film directed by Daniel Cormack?
What was the production company for the nominated film, Badmouth?
What is the average number of points of the game after January 3 against the Cleveland Barons?
What is the total number of games of the team against the Los Angeles Kings after January 5?
Tiger Woods has played less than 21 events and is what rank?
Score of 108-85 is what lowest game?
Location of brendan byrne arena had what score?
Opponent of chicago bulls had what location?
Location of boston garden, and a Record of 58-23 involved what opponent?
Score of 119-115 (ot) involved what location?
What is the average value for Fall 07 when Fall 05 is 271 and Fall 09 is less than 347?
What was the average value for Fall 07 when Fall 09 is less than 296?
What is the sum of all values in Fall 09 in Allegany county with Fall 07 less than 751?
What is the largest value for Fall 08 when Fall 09 is 792 and Fall 05 is less than 791?
What is the largest value for Fall 08 when Fall 07 is less than 242?
What is the nationality of the player in round 4?
What is the round of Jimmy Drolet from Canada?
What is the round number of Jessie Rezansoff, who plays right wing?
Which team had a qualifying 2 time of 1:01.093?
What was the qualifying 2 time for the team with a qualifying 1 time of 1:01.630?
What was the qualifying 1 time for Rusport and Justin Wilson?
Which team had a qualifying 1 time of 1:01.342?
What is the best time of the team that had a qualifying 1 time of 1:01.043?
How many picks did Mike Zaher have?
How many pick numbers did Matt Marquess have?
Which MLS Team's pick number was 31?
what day did the team go to toronto
what team visited chicago
what team played on october 8
Which Position has a Game 1 of noel cleal?
Which Game 3 has a Game 1 of brett kenny?
Opponent of at new york giants had what venue?
Result of l 10-23 occurred in what week?
Week larger than 5, and an opponent of at new york giants had what record?
Attendance of 35,842 had what date?
Result of w 16-10* o.t. had what attendance?
What Report has the Date of June 5, 2005?
What Report has the Date September 3, 2005?
What was the 3’UTR sequence when Coding was 6a 3 and the GenBank id is nm_001093770.2?
Which Variant id has the GenBank id of nm_005411.4?
Which 5’UTR splice has a Variant ID at sftpa1 variant 2?
Which 3’UTR sequence has the GenBank ID at hq021440?
Which Copa Libertadores 1992 has a Supercopa Sudamericana 1992 of round of 16, and a Team of grêmio?
Which Team has a Recopa Sudamericana 1992 of runner-up?
Which Supercopa Sudamericana 1992 has a Team of santos?
When was the game with a record of 54-69?
What is the total number of tiers for the postseason of semifinalist?
For a year earlier than 1991 and a reynard 91d chassis, what's the highest points?
Total points for a bs automotive entrant?
What is a colt racing entrant engine?
How many Passengers that have an Airport in indonesia, denpasar?
Which Airport has a Carrier of malaysia airlines?
Which tier has a division of LEB 2 and Cup Competitions of Copa LEB Plata runner-up?
How many positions have a Postseason of relegation playoffs and a tier of 3?
What is the lowest tier for a postseason result of quarterfinalist?
What format has 080 360-2 as the catalog?
What label has 887 448-2 as the catalog?
What label has cd single as the format?
What catalog has june 1990 as the date?
Which building has 26 storeys?
What is the height for less than 45 storeys in Scotia Centre?
How many storeys in Calgary during 1975-1976?
Which city had years 1971-1974?
Which city contains Telus Plaza South?
What is the lowest number played with 2 losses and more than 13 points?
What is the smallest positioned with more than 9 played?
How many draws took place for team Corinthians with more than 5 losses?
Which 2007 is the lowest one that has a 2004 of 78, and a 2006 smaller than 80?
Which 2005 is the lowest one that has a Grade smaller than 6, and a 2008 smaller than 80, and a 2006 larger than 72?
Position of member, and a Nationality of india is what sum of term ending?
Name of xue hanqin has what highest term ending?
Position of member, and a Tenure Began of 2010, and a Name of xue hanqin has what lowest term ending?
Term Ending smaller than 2018, and a Nationality of new zealand what is the name?
Which episode aired in the USA on 20 May 2005?
What is the total number of episodes aired in Canada on 22 October 2004?
What is the CBS airdate of the episode with a number under 70 with a USA airdate of 1 April 2005?
what song is a genre of glam
Which score is the Seattle team?
What is the number with the f position in Dallas, Texas?
Which competition took place in Bangkok?
What was the score in Kathmandu?
Where was the location for the August 29, 1980 game?
What is the notes distance for 2nd position earlier than 1986?
Which venue hosts the Olympic Games for DNQ position?
In what year is the notes distance 1.83m?
what is the race number of bob wollek
what country is john nielsen from
Which Model has hybrid propulsion?
What is the Propulsion for the model offered in 2003-2004 by neoplan usa?
What is the Length (ft.) for a 2008 nfi d40lf?
Which Founded has a Club of tri-city storm and a Titles larger than 1?
Which Founded that has a Club of no coast derby girls?
Which Founded  has a League of women's flat track derby association, and a Club of omaha rollergirls?
On what date was there an International Friendly competition?
What was the score at Bernardo O'Higgins Cup on May 7, 1961?
What grid has an average time of +22.505 and laps larger than 23?
Which suzuki gsx-r1000 k7 has the highest time of retirement?
What is the average lap for suzuki gsx-r1000 k7 and at grid 6?
Which rider has a lap of 23, grid smaller than 18, and time +44.333?
what is the lowest grid with laps larger than 23?
Where did the Bruins play Iowa State?
What Conference was during the NCAA Tournament?
What is the amount of Avg that has Yards more 265 and a Car more 105?
Which player is ranked number 3?
What season has the champion of Nicolas Kiesa?
Who won the gold medal in 1998?
What is the total number of years when Mika Miyazato won the silver?
What is the location of the Asian Games after 2002 when Kim Hyun-soo won the gold?
What is the earliest year that kim hyun-soo won the gold?
What was the broadcast date of the episode that visited South Africa?
Which country did Natalia Makarova visit?
How many people attended the game on May 31?
How many people attended the game on May 10?
Which Overall is the lowest one that has a Round of 3?
Which college did kevin landolt attend?
Which Round is the average one that has a Pick # larger than 26, and a Position of defensive back?
Which College has a Pick # larger than 25, and a Round of 7, and a Name of chris white?
what was the average game when record was 16-63?
Median household income of $40,340, and a Number of households smaller than 64,767 is what average population?
What party was re-elected as an incumbent of robert p. Kennedy?
Which democratic incumbent is from the district of ohio 7?
Which republican was first elected in 1886 in the district of ohio 17?
Which result was in the district of ohio 6?
Who was first elected as the result of a retired republican gain in the district of ohio 21?
On May 9 after Game 3, what was the Opponent?
Which Player has a Position of number 8, and a Club/province of scarlets?
Which Club/province has a Position of centre, and Caps of 27?
What position does alun wyn jones play?
Which Date of Birth (Age) has a Club/province of blues, and Caps larger than 0, and a Player of tom james?
Which Caps is the lowest one that has a Club/province of ospreys, and a Date of Birth (Age) of 19 september 1985?
What is the average attendance of the game where the home team was the Blues?
Which 8.23 g (127 gr) is the highest one that has a Bullet weight gram (grain) of 8x64mm s, and a Case capacity (%) smaller than 110.3?
What is the Position of the Level 3 winner from Saint Kitts and Nevis?
What Goals with a Level of 5 or greater is the lowest?
What is the Position of the winner with 18 Goals and Level of 5?
Which University students and adults have minimum diameter of Sakigawa for female gender?
Which junior high school has male and female genders?
Which gender is associated with University students and adults of 25mm?
Which junior high school has university students and adults of 26mm?
What value for university students and adult goes with male gender for minimum weight?
What metro vincity has the venue that opened in 1999?
What is the total capacity of venues that opened in 1999?
What date has aus by 382 runs as the result?
What venue has eng by 10 runs as the result?
What date has george giffen as the home captain, and sydney cricket ground as the venue?
Gold of 0, and a Bronze smaller than 0 and what is the sum of the silver?
Gold of 0, and a Total larger than 0, and a Silver larger than 1 and what is the highest bronze?
Gold larger than 0, and a Bronze larger than 1 includes what total number of silver?
Bronze of 0, and a Total of 1, and a Silver smaller than 1 what is the lowest gold?
Which Third has a Lead of zanda bikše?
Which Third has a Nation of hungary?
Which Second has a Nation of latvia?
Which Lead has a Nation of croatia?
Which Nation has a Lead of alexandra bruckmiller?
Which Skip has a Third of constanze hummelt?
what is the spanish word for garden
what is the italian word for the french word 'mer'
what is the english word for cavallo
What Player has more than 1 Touchdowns with 0 Extra Points and less than 50 Points?
What Player has less than 10 Touchdowns and 0 Extra points and more than 5 Points?
How many Extra Points were scored by the Player who had 5 Points and less than 1 Touchdowns?
Name the least year for european indoor championships result of 3rd
What is the played value with 51 points?
How many tries for Nelson RFC?
What is the losing bonus with 1 draw and 13 losses?
How many tries when 22 are played with 1 draw and a try bonus of 13?
How many points were scored against with a losing bonus of 1 for Blaenavon RFC?
Who is the opponent of the submission (triangle choke) method of submission?
What Competition had a game on October 31, 1979?
On what Date was Palhinha Brazil Scorers?
What Brazil scorers have a 1-1 Score?
What Brazil scorers have a 2-1 Score?
What Competition's Score was 1-2?
Which Points have an Opponent of calgary flames, and a January larger than 22?
Which Points have a Record of 21–20–6?
Which January has a Game of 50?
Which Record has an Opponent of pittsburgh pirates, and a Date of may 5?
Which Attendance has an Opponent of pittsburgh pirates, and a Date of may 5?
Which Attendance is the highest one that has a Record of 15-28?
What is the date of the match where Jeriome Robertson lost?
What is the score of the match with a save postponed rescheduled for June 24?
What is the date of the match with Brother Elephants as the opponent and a save of ||4,117?
What is the least round number for Jon Olinger, who was picked before pick # 24?
Before round 7, what is the greatest Pick # for a player that plays defensive tackle?
What was the record on december 8 when the boston bruins visited?
what was the score on november 3?
who visited on november 17?
What is the name of the head coach of 1974?
What is the average number of seasons for Terri Drake who lost less than 9?
What is the lowest number of seasons that the head coach of 1982 had with larger than 9 losses?
Which webcast was in Spanish contemporary on xhnoe.com?
What is the highest frequency from uncionfeypoder.com?
What is the format for Digital 94.9?
What is the population for Deed number of 21352021?
What is the average Area (km²) that shows Excised from shire of cook and a Population smaller than 463 for the community of wujal wujal (bloomfield river)?
What was the deed number with a population of more than 869 in the woorabinda community?
What is the smallest population with an Area (km²) of 1115.4?
What is the largest Area (km²) for Deed number of 21352022 with a Population of more than 184?
What is the result of the match on 16 October 2012 with less than 4 goals?
Which Opposition has a Year smaller than 1977, and a City of manchester?
Which Score is the lowest one that has a Year of 1868?
Which Venue has a Year larger than 1868, and an Opposition of derbyshire?
Which City has a Score smaller than 30, and a Venue of aigburth?
What is the Position of the player with a Height off 188cm?
What is Alexander Wronski's Position?
What is Senyi N'Diaye's Position?
What was the date of the friendly competition with a score of 4-0?
Where did the competition take place at on August 3, 2005 with a score of 5-0?
What was the result of the 2007 gulf cup of nations?
What was the result of the competition that had a score of 4-0?
What is the English title for season 6?
What is the highest season wth a Win of 1 and a Position that is 8th?
What is the total number of Races with a Pole that is larger than 0?
What is the lowest Poles with a Season that is larger than 2009?
Which team has a location attendance of Air Canada Centre 19,800 with a record of 41–33?
Which December has a Record of 21–8–4, and a Game larger than 33?
Which Opponent has a Score of 4–5 ot?
Which Game is the highest one that has an Opponent of new york islanders, and a December larger than 10?
What tournament was located in Colorado?
On what date was the game in Week 9 played?
What was the record of the game after Week 6 with an attendance larger than 52,560?
What is the highest attendance rate at Milwaukee County Stadium?
What's Ontario's highest Ends Lost?
What is the shot % with a 44+ Ends Lost, skip Cathy King, and smaller than 13 Black Ends?
What's the highest Ends Lost with a shot % greater than 77, 11 blank ends, 7 stolen ends, and more than 44 ends one?
Which Segment C that has an Episode lower than 230, and a Segment A consisting of wax figures?
Which Segment A has a Segment B of s awning?
Which church had a Split off/Continuation in 1836?
Which church was organized by George M. Hinkle?
What was the Pure Church of Christ's Split off/ Continuation?
What was the Independent Church's Split off/ Continuation?
Who organized Alston Church?
what is the name of the netherlands head quarters
what person was in rank 10
Which driver has 210 as entries?
Which seasons have fernando alonso as the driver?
What club had 0 goals?
What club had over 0 goals in 2011?
What team drove a Dodge vehicle?
What was Stacy Compton's position?
What was the average position of car number 59?
How much was the loss of April 25?
What is the average total with less than 8 bronze, 3 silver, and a Rank smaller than 2?
What is the average Total with a Rank greater than 1, and a Bronze larger than 8?
What is the smallest silver from Vietnam?
What is the largest silver from Malaysia with a Total smaller than 23?
What is the largest bronze with a Rank of 2, and a Gold smaller than 8?
How many ranks have a Bronze smaller than 8, and a Total smaller than 7, and a Gold smaller than 1?
Voivodeship or city of nowogródzkie has what capital?
Capital of brześć nad bugiem has what area (1930) in 1000skm?
Capital of brześć nad bugiem has what population (1931) in 1,000s?
Which Poles has a Wins larger than 0, and a Podiums smaller than 17?
which Poles has a Fastest Laps of 0, and a Races of 17, and a Wins larger than 0, and a Podiums smaller than 2?
How many Fastest Laps have  Poles of 4, and Races larger than 178?
Which the Fastest Lap has a Season of 2009 and Poles smaller than 0?
Which the Fastest Laps that have  Poles of 0, and a Season of 2002, and a Podiums smaller than 0?
What Variant has a Launch site that is white sands?
what was the score in 1990
In 1950 what is the average rank?
What is the building's name that is 617 / 188 in height and ranked less than 6?
What is the number of rounds that took place for the fight that lasted 6:21?
What is the average year of the most recent appearance of the Boston Crusaders, who had their first appearance after 1976?
What is the year of most recent appearance of the Suncoast sound, who had more than 7 finals appearances?
What is the year of the first appearance of the Black Knights, who had less than 1 finals appearances?
What is the Pick # of the player with an Overall less than 203 from West Virginia?
In what Round was the draft pick from Florida with an Overall less than 166?
What is the highest number of silver when there is 1 bronze and less than 4 golds?
How many bronze medals are there when there are fewer than 3 silver medals and 7 medals total?
What team has rank 3?
Which Playing For has a # 100 larger than 36, and a Score of 122?
Which # 100 has a Season of 1991, and an Against of surrey?
Which sum of # 100 has a Season of 1990, and an Against of warwickshire?
Which Against has a Season of 1987/88, and a # 100 larger than 13, and a Score of 139?
What is the highest earnings for the golfer who has more than 37 wins?
What Tejano webcast has a callsign of KBDR?
What's the highest frequency of the KBDR callsign?
What's the website for the Listen Live webcast on the 99.3 frequency?
Which Webcast has the digital1073.com website?
Which Date has a Tournament of at&t pebble beach national pro-am, and a Margin of victory of 1 stroke, and a To par of –11?
Which Tournament has a Margin of victory of 1 stroke, and a Date of oct 7, 1990?
Which Date has a Winning score of 69-68-68-70=275?
Which To par has a Winning score of 64-68-66-63=261?
Which Winning score has a Tournament of walt disney world/oldsmobile classic?
What is the number in total of silver with a gold smaller than 0?
What is the sum of gold with a rank that is 3 and a silver larger than 7?
What is the average total with a nation of thailand with a gold smaller than 17?
What is the average gold with a bronze smaller than 5 with a rank of 8?
What is the earliest launch that was from Beijing?
With a Hanzi of 深圳卫视, what is the name?
Who is the owner of  the object launched after 1997 and a Hanzi of 厦门卫视?
What was the latest week that had a game on November 18, 1951?
Who was the opponent on November 11, 1951?
What was the total attendance with a result of W 31-21 before week 9?
What lifespan has a majors greater than 1, and fuzzy zoeller as the name?
what visitor came on november 27
what team was the visitor in the chicago game
what game was in chicago
Which player is associated with the date May 10, 1999?
Which player is associated with the date July 6, 1949?
Which date is associated with the player Wilbert Robinson?
Which player is associated with the date June 14, 1969?
When the team is the Boston Red Sox and the is date July 27, 1946, what are the average RBIs?
What is the sum of games for a record of 33-13-3?
What was the sum of January values with a record of 27-12-3 for a game less than 42?
What is the number in January for Philadelphia Flyers as opponents?
What is the lowest game for a record of 32-12-3?
What was the lowest attendance at the game with a record of 50-36?
Who was the opponent at the game that had a loss of Westbrook (2-2)?
How many copies of scouting for girls were sold?
What is the agg of team 2 Dynamo Moscow?
What is the 1st leg for team 2 Portol Drac Palma Mallorca?
Who was the guest at Stadion Prljanije?
Who was the guest when attendance was 3?
In what venue did FK Crvena Stijena play at home?
What is the sum of attendance when the score was 2:0?
How many were in attendance with a score of 0:1?
Who was at home when the score was 2:2?
What Score has an Opponent of @ Blue Jays with a Date of June 7?
What Time is listed for the Loss of Okajima (1-2)?
What Loss is recorded for the Date June 2?
What's the total number of Win % with an Appearances of 4, and Losses that's larger than 3?
What's listed as the lowest Appearances with a Win % of 0.706?
What's the lowest Losses recorded wiht a Wins of 1, Team of Dallas Stars, and a Win % that's smaller than 0.25?
What district has benjamin eggleston for incumbent?
Which party is tobias a. plants the incumbent?
wWhich district has a retired republican hold with an incumbent of rufus p. spalding?
Which district has a retired republican hold and an incumbent of rufus p. spalding?
Which tournament had a 2012 of a and a 2011 of 2r?
Which 2009's 2010 featured the wta premier 5 tournaments?
Which 2011's tournament was Indian Wells?
Which 2010 stat featured the tournament of the Olympic Games?
When did the Indians play a game with 15,105 people in attendance?
Who did the Indians play on April 23?
What is the lowest number of laps for Marco Simoncelli on a grid higher than 11?
Who is the rider who did less than 20 laps on a grid number greater than 23?
What is the lowest grid number that had a rider with KTM as the manufacturer who did more than 20 laps?
What is the tournament on 22 October 2012?
What is the date of the tournament with Alena Tarasova as the opponent?
Which Hereditary peers have a Total of 1?
Which Total has a Hereditary peer of –, and a Lords spiritual of –, and a Life peers of 2, and an Affiliation of plaid cymru?
Which Elector is hungarian?
Which Cardinalatial Title has an Elevator of pope eugenius iv?
Which Works number has a Number larger than 807, and a Type of 0-6-0, and a Date of 1920?
Which Type has a Date smaller than 1943, and a Builder of alco schenectady, and a Number larger than 822, and Works number of 59867?
Which Date has a Builder of alco schenectady, and a Number larger than 835, and Works number of 56566?
When was the Election of 1953?
On what date were there 50,324 votes?
How many votes were there on November 10?
What date has 79-48 as the record?
What is the average attendance that has 83-52 as the record?
Name the segment D for umbrellas
Name the segment A for netflix of s05e01
Name the series ep for darts
Name the series ep for segment c of luxury cars (part 1)
What school is located in rossville?
How many people enrolled a the school with an IHSAA Class of a, and the trojans as their mascot?
What IHSAA clas is the school with a county number of 12 clinton and the hornets as their mascot?
What is the score when a loss was listed with Lannan (4-8)?
What was the date when the Twins had a record of 44-37?
Which Opponents in Final has a Date of september 16, 1990?
Which Partner has a Date of june 18, 1989?
Which Opponents in Final has an Outcome of winner, and a Surface of hard, and a Date of april 17, 1994?
Which Opponents in Final has a Score in Final of 7–5, 1–6 4–6?
Which Partner has a Score in Final of 6–1, 6–2?
What is the total Points for the Opponent of @ New Jersey Devils and a Game bigger than 7?
What was the time of the NJKF Titans Neo X event?
What was the record after the NJKF Magnam 16 event that lasted 2:06?
Which opponent led to a 6-3 record?
How many Picks have a Round larger than 2, and a Name of lawrence sidbury, and an Overall smaller than 125?
Which Pick # is the highest one that has a Name of william middleton, and a Round larger than 5?
Which Overall is the lowest one that has a Position of offensive tackle?
Which Overall is the average one that has a Name of vance walker?
Which Pick # is the highest one that has a Name of lawrence sidbury, and a Round smaller than 4?
What is the February number of the game played against the St. Louis Blues with a game number less than 58?
Who is the opponent of the game that had a record of 24-26-4?
What is the February number of the game with the Vancouver Canucks as the opponent and a game number greater than 55?
What nationality is Larry McMorran?
what team scored 17
What was their record on July 22?
On what date was their record 46-39?
What was the oilers record on October 20?
What was the oilers record for the game on November 27 when the Edmonton oilers were playing at home and the Chicago Blackhawks were the visiting team?
Name the lead with left bloc of 8.4%
Name the lead for institute of election results and social democratic of 31.7% 8 seats
What is the Regionalliga Sud for 1995-96?
What was the Regionalliga Nord-Ost for the team that had a Regionalliga Sud of SpVgg Unterhaching?
Which season had a Regionalliga Sud of Stuttgarter Kickers?
What party is Charles Van Wyck part of?
What district is James Humphrey from who was first elected in 1858 and was eventually defeated democratic gain?
What surface was the November 5, 1995 match played on?
What date was the match played where Amy Frazier was the opponent?
What score was given at the August 17, 2005 match?
Which tournament was played on October 1, 2006?
What is the score of the match played on a hard surface with an opponent in the final of Elena Likhovtseva?
What was the team's record on july 18?
Which Conference Joined has a Previous Conference of northwestern, and a Mascot of oilers?
Which Year Left is the lowest one that has a School of calumet, and a Year Joined larger than 1993?
avg passengers in 2012 for 2009 more than 104.5 and 2010 less than 162.6 and 2011 less than 141.8 is what?
The lowest rank with 2011 less than 80.7 and 2012 less than 73.1 is what?
the sum of 2009 with rank of 5 and 2010 less than 76.5 is what?
What was the Entered Office of the man with the throne name Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar?
What is listed for the Main Location(s) that has a % of National of 2.05%?
What's the Area with an Output (2007) of 12,332 T?
What Main Location(s) has an Area of 19,800 HA?
On what date was the record 4–0–0?
what was the score in toronto
Which Record has an Event of tpf 5: stars and strikes?
Which Opponent has an Event of king of the cage: shock and awe?
Which Method has a Record of 16–7?
Which Round has a Method of decision (unanimous), and an Event of ufc 145?
Which Event has a Round of 1, and a Record of 2–0?
What is the general classification of Mapei-clas in stage 12?
Which winner has a P stage?
Which stage corresponds to Banesto and Tony Rominger?
Type of primary, and a Call letters of kbjs has what format?
Frequency (MHz) that has a Type of primary, and a Call letters of ktbb-fm has what total number?
Type of primary, and a Call letters of kktx-fm has what average Frequency (MHz)?
Frequency (MHz) that has a Call letters of krmd-fm has what sum?
What date has 1 for the game?
What opponent has april 10 as the date?
What player has a round larger than 6 with a D position.
What league is from the United States and a round smaller than 12.
What league has a 10 for round with Paul Cain?
What league has a D position, a round smaller than 11 and is with Dennis Vial?
What is the rank of the gatchaman of Jinpei?
Who is the Japanese voice actor of the Battle of the Planets of Keyop?
What is the rank of the gatchaman Jinpei?
Who is the voice actor of the character with the Japanese voice actor Yoku Shioya?
What is the mecha with a condor bird uniform?
Who is the voice actor (harmony gold ova dub) of the character with a voice actor (adv TV/sentai ova dub) Kim Prause?
What is the score of the tournament on 25 July 1994 with a clay surface and Patricia Tarabini as the partner?
Who is the partner of the tournament on 6 July 1987?
Who is the partner at the Tampa tournament?
What is the tenure of the person with revenues of 60,000-->58,000 koku?
What is the court rank of the person with a courtesy title of nagato-no-kami?
What is the name of the person with a courtesy title of sanuki-no-kami/jiju?
what day was the score 39-14
Which position did the drafted player affiliated with UCLA play?
Which MLS tea, drafted a player affilaited with the university of california?
What rank does the person participating in American Civil war and indian wars?
When did the Tournament of the Tour Championship take place?
Name the average number of seasons for Prva HNL of 17
Name the least number of seasons in top division with position in 2012-13 of 001 1st
Which first was born on 5 february 1979?
Which First has a Position of c, and Bats of l?
Which First has a Surname of searle?
Which Surname has Throws of r, and a Position of p, and a DOB of 26 april 1989?
Which DOB has a First of david, and Throws of l, and a Position of if?
How many throws does PJ have?
Televoting of 9, and a Jury smaller than 10 had what sum of draw?
Jury larger than 6, and a Artist of zhenya rasskazova, and a Draw larger than 9 had what sum of points?
Televoting smaller than 2 had what highest draw?
Who was the opponent when Hoeft (19-14) took the loss?
What was the score of the game that led to an 80-63 record?
Who was the opponent when Brown (9-5) took the loss?
What was Performer 1's name who performed with Sandi Toksvig as Performer 3 and Mike McShane as Performer 4?
What was Performer 4's name when Performer 3 was Ryan Stiles on episode 14?
How many points have @ new york islanders as the opponent, with a game greater than 35?
What record has a december less than 6, points less than 38, and pittsburgh penguins as the opponent?
When the county is Carroll what is the lowest population?
When the Per capita income is $29,194, what is the average population?
Which year has a railway class of 250?
Which works number has a class of 15th and year of 1940?
Which builder has a railway of Rhodesia Railways?
Which railway has a class of 250 and year 1936?
which week had an attendance of 53,677?
which team had a bye week?
Which Date has Points smaller than 85 and a Game # of 74?
What is listed for Vistor that has a Game # that is smaller than 67 and has a Home listed as Buffalo?
What Date has a Home listed as Calgary?
What Score has a Record of 35-28-6?
What Date has Points smaller than 80, Home of Los Angeles, and a Visitor of Pittsburgh?
Which Week 10 Nov 2 has a Week 14 Nov 30 of penn state (11-1)?
Which Week 7 Oct 12 has a Week 11 Nov 9 of week 11 nov 9?
Which Week 7 Oct 12 has a Week 9 Oct 26 of tulsa (7-0)?
Which Week 10 Nov 2 has a Week 9 Oct 26 of lsu (5-2)?
Which Week 14 Nov 30 has a Week 6 Oct 5 of michigan state (5-1)?
Which Week 13 Nov 23 has a Week 6 Oct 5 of oklahoma state (5-0)?
What was the displacement having a torque of n·m (lb·ft) @ 3000 rpm?
Which engine had a 48kw (65 ps) @ 5600 rpm power?
Which model had a power of 66kw (90 ps) @ 6250 rpm?
Which of the engines has a displacement of 1,585 cc, with a model number of 90i?
Who was the opponent at memorial stadium?
Which Height has a Player of mike bibby?
Which Pos has a First round smaller than 10?
How many points have a loss less than 5, and 0 for draws?
What is the lowest points that has w-2 (w-league) as the league, and draws greater than 2?
What is the lowest wins that has a year prior to 1999, with draws greater than 1, and points greater than 17?
How many losses have a year later than 2001?
Which county includes Himco Dump?
Drawn of 0, and a Games larger than 5 has what amount of highest points?
Lost larger than 4 is what highest drawn?
Points difference of 18 - 33, and a Points smaller than 4 is the total of what sum of games?
Which First elected is the highest one that has a Party of dem, and a District larger than 24, and a Home city/town of berlin?
What record has pittsburgh as the visitor, and November 23 as the date?
What record has points less than 16, and detroit as the home?
How many points have pittsburgh as the visitor, and philadelphia as the home?
What points have pittsburgh as the home, and November 29 as the date?
What was the attendance at the game on December 11, 1966?
What was the latest week with a result of l 14-3?
What was the total number of weeks with a date of bye?
Who was the opponent at the game with a result of W 26-20?
What was the attendance at the week 2 game?
Before 1981, how many Points did Team Suzuki have with less than 0 Wins?
After 1986, how many Wins did Lucky Strike Yamaha Team with less than 6 Points have?
In what Year did the RG500 Machine have more than 17 Points?
What were the least Wins in 1988?
How many points did the Flyers have against the New York Islanders with a February bigger than 12, and a game smaller than 60?
What is the location of the tournament on Feb 10?
What is the date of the Kmart greater greensboro open in North Carolina?
Who is the winner of the H.E.B. Texas open?
What is the average weight of Jeremy Case, who plays guard?
What is the position of the player from New York City, NY?
What year is guard Mario Chalmers?
What was japan's score?
Which Venue has a Country of england, and a Champion of alison nicholas?
Which Country has a Year larger than 1978, and a Score of 295, and a Venue of lindrick golf club?
what player scored 9/1
On what date was the score 6–4, 7–5?
Who was the opponent with an outcome runner-up on November 15, 2010?
What was the outcome for Rik de Voest as opponent?
What was the score on October 24, 2005?
What is the sum of state champions with more tan 9 MRC Championships, more than 4 co-champions, and a record of 192-189-3?
What was the co-champions value when solo was 3 and MRC Championships is greater than 3?
What is the highest value for co-champions when the PCT is less than 0.786 and MRC championships is 6 with records of 88-45-6?
What is the average value of MRC Championships with more than 0.685 PCT., more than 1 for co-champions, and less than 5 solo?
What is the average Pct value when state champions is less than 1, MRC Championships  is 10, and co-champions are greater than 4?
Street Address of 980 n. michigan avenue is what name?
Name of 900 north michigan, and a Year smaller than 1989 involves what lowest floors?
Street Address of 401 n. wabash avenue involves what name?
Pick larger than 229, and a Round smaller than 12, and a Position of defensive back is what school/club team?
Player of mike o'quinn, and a Round smaller than 15 had what lowest pick?
Round of 11 had waht sum of pick?
Which Division has a Position of 6th?
Which Season has a Level of tier 4, and a Position of 11th?
Which Season has a Level of tier 2 and a Position of 1st?
Which Position  has a Level of tier 3 and a Season smaller than 1999?
Which Median family income has a Median household income of $43,125?
How many people have a Median household income of $37,759?
What week had an Attendance smaller than 21,097?
What Week had an Attendance smaller than 22,333?
Municipality of tampere involves which party?
Quotient of 97 350,333 has how many votes?
Candidate of kimmo kiljunen belongs to which municipality?
Votes of 27,391 has which quotient?
Candidate of riikka manner has how many votes?
Which Opposition has a Year smaller than 1911, and a Venue of old trafford?
Which Venue has a Year of 1911?
Which Opposition has a City of taunton?
Which number of Years has a Venue of old trafford, and an Opposition of yorkshire?
What was the score of the match that took place at 6:00 PM with 79,419 in attendance?
What time was the match that had an attendance of 22,329?
What two teams were competing in the match with 103,158 in attendance?
What is the average date in January that the Rangers played against Chicago Black Hawks?
What is the score of the game where the Rangers record was 16-8-4?
Which OU career [b] had Position [A] as a forward when there were 56 appearances?
Which Score in the final has an Outcome of winner, and a Date of 3 august 2013?
Which Partner has a Date of 8 february 2009?
Which Opponent in the final has a Partner of dustin brown?
Which Score in the final has a Surface of clay, and a Partner of martin emmrich?
Which Surface has a Partner of oliver marach?
What is the call sign for the frequency of 0 105.7 fm?
Who is the owner with a frequency of 0 101.1 fm?
Which city of license has the Kyli call sign?
What is the format for Cherry Creek Radio with frequency of 0 92.1 fm?
Which format is in St. George with a frequency of 0 107.3 fm?
Which city of license has the Kyli call sign?
Party of republican, and a District of 7th is what elected?
Party of republican, and a District of 5th is what highest elected?
Elected smaller than 2001, and a District of 83rd has what status?
Status of reelected, and a Incumbent of danny marshall iii is what highest elected?
When has a Score of 6–3, 6–4?
WHich Score has marcelo filippini mark koevermans?
WHich Tournament  has a Partnering of diego pérez and a Opponents in the final of christer allgardh carl limberger?
Which Opponents in the final has a Partnering of tomás carbonell on march 28, 1995?
What is the Score of an Opponent\ in the final of jordi arrese àlex corretja?
Which To par has a Place in t9 and a Country of Spain?
Which To par has a Place in 8?
WHo is Player that has a Place of t9 in united states?
What ERP W has a 95.1 MHZ frequency?
What call sign is licensed in soledad, california?
What is the MHZ frequency in carmel, california with an ERP W over 10?
What class has a MHZ frequency under 103.1 licensed in morro bay, california?
How many averages have recs smaller than 26, and a Player of reggie brown, and a Long smaller than 40?
Which Yards has an Avg larger than 7, and a Long smaller than 60, and a Rec larger than 19, and a Player of correll buckhalter?
Which Yards have an avg of 11.8, and a Player of brent celek, and a Long larger than 44?
Which Yards is the highest one that has a Rec smaller than 54, and a Long smaller than 5, and a Player of todd herremans, and an Avg larger than 1?
What is the high rebounds with a record that is 18-14?
What are the high points from a game of 30?
What is the score for the game against Malacca at the Klfa Stadium, Cheras?
Which date held the match at the City Stadium, Georgetown?
Which competition had an opponent of Police at the Selayang Stadium?
What the average amount of field goals Clark has if he has less than 3 touch downs and less than 5 points?
How many points does Tom Hammond have if he has more than 12 points?
Who had the lowest field goals if they had 12 touchdowns and more than 72 points?
What is the lowest earnings of Lee Trevino who has 28 wins?
Where is the location of attendance for the Date of december 14?
What team has a high score with tracy mcgrady (24)?
What location has an attendance and a score of l 90–91 (ot)?
What team has a Score of l 88–94 (ot)?
What score has hard (i) as the surface, and Columbus, Ohio as the tournament?
What opponent in the final has rockford, Illinois as the tournament?
What score has zadar as the tournament?
Players of amanda coetzer and marcos ondruska is what team?
Players of judith wiesner and alex antonitsch had what match w-l?
Placing of 3 had what match w-l?
Matches W-L of 1-2, and a Team of spain had what seeding?
Notes of bbc radio 4, and a Director of peter kavanagh includes which average year?
Title of the angry brigade involves which lowest year?
Year larger than 2008 includes which notes?
Notes of bbc radio 3, and a Title of carnival involves which director?
What was the song choice when the theme was free choice and Adeleye made it through to bootcamp?
What was the result of week 2?
What was the theme for week 3?
What was the theme for the final showdown (week 3)?
What was the score of Game 2 in the series against the Florida Panthers?
What was the score of the game that led to a 7-5 record?
Which player is a tight end with a round higher than 3?
What position does the College of Louisiana State have?
How many rounds does Jamaal Charles have?
Who was the opponent that also has a save of Smith (26)?
Which score has a save of Smith (25)?
Which circuit is on July 24?
On which date was the GT class at Monterey Sports Car Grand Prix?
What was the length for GT class at Portland International Raceway?
On what date did Contac 12 Hours of Sebring take place?
Which Opponent has an Attendance of 24,791?
Which Score has Opponent of mariners and a Record of 24–25?
When is Record of 16–16 taken?
What was the score of the game with a record of 7–10–3–1?
Which Year Ended has a Passenger Load Factor (%) larger than 72.8, and a Revenue (€m) smaller than 906.8?
What Passenger Load Factor (%) that has a Revenue (€m) less than 958.6 and a Profit / (Loss) Before Tax (€m) of 1.1?
Which First used has a Quantity of 26?
Which Designation has a Manufacturer of siemens, and a Quantity of 52?
Which Designation has a Quantity of 52?
Which Quantity has a Designation of type 4?
Which model number does bombardier manufacture?
Which Car numbers have a First used of currently on order?
What was the year elected in District 17?
What was the year elected in District 15?
What year was Incumbent Ed Towns elected with a district smaller than 10?
What party has a district of 28 and was elected after 1983?
What's the elected year of Nydia Velazquez in a district bigger than 2 and a democrat?
Name the least year for goalscore of ortiz and goals more than 25
What was the date of the game when St. Louis was the visiting team?
What was the record at the game with a score of 7–5?
What position shows for canada, and an NHL team of new york islanders, and a Pick # of 113?
What is the Position for the brandon wheat kings (wchl)?
What is the Nationality for the university of wisconsin (wcha), and a Player of bob lundeen?
What is the Pick # for brent meeke?
What is the NHL team of dave murphy?
What Nationality had a Pick # of 117?
On what Date of the race was Nesta Carter the Athlete?
What is the Athlete of the race with a Time of 9.78?
Which area 2006 km² has an area 1996 km² smaller than 17.31?
Which area 2006 km² has an area 1996 km² of 26.39, and a pop 2006 smaller than 18,610?
Which area 2006 km² has a city of sopot, and an area 1996 km² smaller than 17.31?
Which area 1996 km² has a pop 1999 of 17,510, and an area 2006 km² larger than 30?
What is the highest playoffs that has tampa bay as the team?
What rank has 123 as the total?
What teams have 1/2/2011 as the streak end?
What streak start has a total less than 79, 22t as the rank, and tampa bay as the teams?
What was the method for the UFC Fight Night 10 event?
What was the result for the M-1 Selection Europe event?
Who was the opponent that led to a record of 23-5?
What is the number of Silver medals with 2 Bronze and 0 Gold?
what team was the 1st leg champion of sakalai
what season did the juventus win
What's the average Year that has Points that's smaller than 9 with a Rank of 24th?
Who has a Rank larger than 3 with a speed of 119.838mph?
Which Team has a Time of 1:14.51.73?
Which Speed has a Rank smaller than 9 in kawasaki zx6 600cc Team?
WHich Speed has a Rank of 2?
What is the total of Game with an Opponent of @ Hartford Whalers and February that's larger than 19?
Which Opponent has a February larger than 7 and Record of 37-16-4?
What is listed as the highest February with a Record of 34-14-4 and Game that's larger than 52?
Which Opponent has a Game larger than 56 and February of 24?
Which Extra points is the lowest one that has a Player of rheinschild, and Touchdowns larger than 1?
What result has mario & karina as the couple?
Which Time has a Set 2 of 20–25, and a Date of 05 jun?
Which Date has a Score of 0–3, and a Set 2 of 16–25?
Which Total has a Set 2 of 19–25?
Which Score has a Set 2 of 25–17, and a Time of 16:00?
Which Set 1 has a Time of 14:00, and a Set 3 of 19–25?
Which Time has a Set 3 of 24–26, and a Score of 0–3?
What was the attendance when Nuneaton Borough was the home team?
What's the site of the recap at qualcomm stadium?
What is the name of the race in Cleveland, Ohio?
Which circuit did Michael Andretti win?
Who was the winning team at the Homestead-Miami Speedway?
What was Jimmy Vasser's fastest lap?
Which Spanish voice actor does the same character as French voice actor Véronique Desmadryl?
Which Spanish voice actor does the same character as French voice actor Dennis Boileau?
Which Spanish voice actor does the same character as French voice actor Véronique Desmadryl?
What character does German voice actor Dirk Fenselau play?
What character does Italian voice actor Emanuela Damasio play?
Which character has a French voice actor of Marc Saez and a German voice actor of Dirk Fenselau?
Jeff Staples player for which College, Junior or Club league?
Ken Hemenway is in which Round?
Which Nation does e.j. bradley play for?
Mike Crowley plays defense for league?
Name the most games with drawn more than 1
Name the most points with lost of 2 and games more than 7
What number did Moño Negro peak at before 1996?
What was the startup year for the project with apache energy/inpex as the operator?
What was the startup year for the Jackpine Mine (ph 2) project with an albian sands operator?
What was the startup year for the project with a nioc operator?
What was the name of the project that peaked at 40 and was in the USA?
What country did the project, Bonga SW; Aparo with a shell operator take place?
What is the amount of the 1st prize when the Winner was ken green (4)?
What is the date of the Los Angeles open?
What is the name of the Tournament on oct 23?
Who created One Night in Lisbon in 1941?
what date did reuschel (12-3) lose?
How much Draw has a Televote larger than 18, and an Artist of elizabeth anastasiou, and a Jury larger than 4?
Which Place is the highest one that has an Artist of nikolas metaxas, and a Televote larger than 60?
Which average Total has a Place smaller than 2, and a Draw smaller than 5?
Which Date has a Record of 0-2?
Which Record has a Match Report of recap, and a Result of l 30–20?
Which Match Report has a Date of october 26, 2008?
Which Opponent has a Record of 0-3?
Which Record has a Kickoff of 12:00pm cst, and a Game site of arrowhead stadium, and a Week of 15?
What was the result when the new england patriots played?
How many years had budgets of $39 million?
What is the most recent year featuring the director Christopher Kulikowski?
Which director had a worldwide gross of $30,471?
What is 2005's budget figure?
Which airport has IATA of BKK?
What is the IATA for Beijing Capital International Airport?
Which airport is located in Singapore?
What is the country of the airport with ICAO of WADD?
Which city holds Newcastle Airport?
What is the capacity for the stadium of kadrioru stadium and a current manager of sergei ratnikov?
What was the other number with 63.98% bush?
Band of am, and a Frequency of 0 846 has what purpose?
Frequency of 100.1 has what on-air id?
Callsign of 6nan has what purpose?
Band of am, and a Callsign of 6wh has what purpose?
Frequency of 0 864 has what callsign?
What club has a home score of 0-2 in Round 1?
What is NK Rijeka's away score in Round 2?
What is NK Rijeka's away score?
When did the Indians play a game with a record of 28-41?
Rank smaller than 5, and a Time of 31’ 03.093 is what rider?
Team of honda 250cc, and a Rank larger than 2, and a Rider of chris palmer is what time?
Rank larger than 8, and a Rider of chris barrett is what team?
Team of honda 250cc, and a Time of 31’ 03.093 has what lowest rank?
Rank larger than 5, and a Rider of paul shoesmith belongs to what team?
How many Total matches have a Year of career, and a Points won larger than 25?
How many Total matches happened in 2003?
How many points were won in 1996?
Which Total matches is the highest one that has Points % of 70%?
Which Total matches is the lowest one that has a Total W-L-H of 1-2-0?
what is the winner of stage 3
What was the Total the Year Yugoslavia had 0 Silver medals and 31 Competitors?
What is the Bronze in the year there was a Total of 0 medals and 6 Competitors?
In what Year did Yugoslavia have 4 Competitors with 0 medals Total?
In the Year Yugoslavia won 1 Silver, how many Gold medals did they win?
What is the Total medals the Year Yugoslavia had 1 Sport and won 0 Gold, Bronze or Silver?
Rank of 5, and a Silver larger than 0 had what sum of total?
Gold smaller than 2, and a Rank of 4, and a Nation of hungary (hun), and a Bronze smaller than 1 had what total number of silver?
Total smaller than 7, and a Bronze larger than 1 is what amount of average silver?
Bronze smaller than 5, and a Silver larger than 0 is which nation?
What player was on the Los Angeles Dodgers?
Which team did the Boston Beaneaters host at the South End Grounds?
Which team opposed the Milwaukee Braves?
What was the venue where Chuck Klein played?
What was the venue where Josh Hamilton played?
How man cuts were there of players who had 0 wins but had 1 player in the top 25 with more than 4 events?
What was the larger number of players that played in 4 events that 2 wins but were less than 6 in the top 10?
Which Combination classification has Points classification of daniele bennati, and a Team classification of quick step?
Which Mountains classification has a Team classification of quick step?
Which Team classification has a Combination classification of egoi martínez, and a Winner of tom boonen?
Which Combination classification has a Stage of 14?
Which Mountains classification has a General classification of egoi martínez, and a Stage of 9?
Which Mountains classification has Points classification of not awarded?
What subtitles have 15 as the classification?
What country has deltamac (hk) as the publisher?
What is the release date that has english as the subtitles, and magna pacific as the publisher?
What classification has cantonese as the language, and universal pictures japan as the publisher?
What sound has cantonese as the language, N/A as the classification, and spectrum dvd as the publisher?
What language has 20th century fox as the publisher?
Name the M939 series with M809 series of m817 and M39 series of m51
Name the M809 seris with M939 series of M931/932
Name the M809 series for short wheelbase and M939 series of M931/932
Name the type with M809 series of m814
Name the M939 series for short wheelbase and M809 series of m817
Name the M939 series for short wheelbase and M809 series of m817
Who was the opponent at the game with a result of W 38-14?
What was the time of the game that had an NFL recap and a result of W 22–16?
what year was cryptogramophon released
Manufacturer of honda, and a Rank of 8 had what highest wins?
Points larger than 108, and a Wins of 0, and a Rank smaller than 8, and a Manufacturer of honda is what rider?
Rider of stéphane mertens had what lowest points?
Wins of 0, and a Rank larger than 6, and a Manufacturer of kawasaki, and a Rider of massimo broccoli involved what highest points?
Points of 26, and a Rank smaller than 27 had what sum of wins?
what pitcher scored 4
What was the rank for karen frohner with under 1266 points?
What Games covered had a round of divisional finals?
What is the number of Apps for Internazionale Club of Brazil?
In what Season does the Internazionale Club have more than 2 Apps?
For which group was Kim nominated in 2010 for Best International Actress?
What was the result for Thirst in 2010 at the Green Globe Film Awards?
What is the number of years that Kim was nominated at the Sitges Film Festival?
What is the average year in which Kim was nominated for Thirst as Best Actress at the Baeksang Arts Awards?
Which group nominated Kim in years before 2010 for Thirst?
What is the highest year that Kim was nominated for Over the Rainbow?
Which City has a State of massachusetts, and a School of northeastern university?
Which City has a Colony Name of northeastern crescent colony?
Which Colony Name is in west virginia?
Which Colony Name was Founded on january 19, 2012?
What position does the player from the MLS New England Revolution team hold?
Which MLS team had a pick number of 32?
What is the pick number for the player Chris Gomez?
Which position is the MLS team, Los Angeles Galaxy in?
Who is the rookie goalkeeper Rob Scherr who played before week 6?
Who is the rookie goalkeeper Mike Gabel?
What was the lowest week in the month of August against Andrew Combs?
Who was the rookie that played week 6?
What were the opponents from the April 13?
What is the opponent from April 19?
What was the series standing after game 1?
What is the example in English for a tone of mid rising-falling?
What example in English has a Standard Thai of ผ่า?
Which tone has a Standard Thai at ปลา?
Which tone goes with Phonetic of [pʰaː˥˥]?
What is the phonetic when the standard thai is ผ่า?
What is the phonemic when the phonetic is [pʰaː˥˥]?
What is the s default argument without a pseudorandom number generation and no eval function?
What is the lambda function without a pseudorandom number generation, no s default argument, no functions, and no eval function?
In what Venue was Surrey the Opposition in the 2nd Wicket?
In what Wicket in the City of Eastbourne with a Score of less than 368?
Which game took place April 6?
How many Attendance in a match which scores  0:0 - 4:1 (pen)
Which League that has no playoffs in the Year of 2008–09?
Which Play-Off has Events of –, and a Season of a-6?
Which Season has a Year of 2005–06?
Which European has a Play-Off of relegated?
What is the lowest number of caps of the fullback player born on 13 April 1983?
What is the club/province of the player born on 12 May 1984?
What is the club/province of player Alberto Sgarbi, who played wing, with less than 2 caps?
What games have the event of Men's Slalom?
What were the events in the 1976 Innsbruck Games?
What is the medal for the Men's Giant Slalom event?
In the tournament that has 15 events, and less than 6 top-25's, how many top-5's did he have?
In the tournament that had 3 Top-10's, and less than 15 events, how many Top-5's did the player have?
How many wins were in the Masters Tournament with less than 15 events?
In the tournament with more than 6 top-25's and less than 13 cuts made, how many wins were there?
Which father had william iv as a husband?
What is the death date of elisabeth of lorraine?
Which duchess was born on 9 october 1574?
Which image is of the woman married to william iv?
Who is the husband of the image of renata of lorraine?
Who was the husband of marie of baden-sponheim?
Who was the visiting team at the Chicago home game?
What was the date of the home game for Colorado?
What was the date of the game when St. Louis was the home team?
Who was the visiting team when the record was 51–12–4?
What was the date of the home game for Hartford?
What is the average attendance for seasons before 1999 with pos of 8?
What is the socket for the processor with part number ADH2350IAA5DO?
What is the multi 1 for the Athlon x2 BE-2400?
What is the stepping for the processor released June 5, 2007?
What is the v-core for a stepping of G1 and frequency of 1900MHz?
What was the name in English that had a Stat of 7th cut?
Who was the winner in the event with a runner-up of Alberto Mancini?
What was the series score when st. louis was away on april 18?
Who recorded the decision when philadelphia was away?
What was the home team's record on September 30?
What was the home team's record when they played the Twins on September 25?
What was the home team's record when they played the Devil Rays on September 6?
What team did the home team play on September 4?
What was Freddie Starr, who entered on Day 1, known for?
Who exited on Day 12?
What day did the person who finished in 12th place leave on?
What place did the person who left on day 3 finish in?
On which day did the person who is known for the only way is essex star enter?
What was Freddie Starr, who entered on Day 1, known for?
Name the date for week more than 1 and game site of bye
Name the opponent for date of bye and week of 1
Name the opponent for week of 2
What is the team classification with a winner of Beat Zberg, and a points classification of José María Jiménez.
When was the person who died on 16 July 1946 born?
Who is the spouse of the person born on 29 September 1766?
Who is born on 29 September 1766?
Who was born on 10 May 1788 that ceased to be queen?
How is the marriage of who became queen on 30 October 1816 husband's accession?
When was the person who became queen on 15 April 1820 born?
What is their record on April 2?
Which team has the record of 11-6?
What was his record when he went over 1 round?
What event did he have a 2-0 record?
What was his result against dan bobish?
Which Voltage Center (V) has an S-Spec Number of sk096?
Which Voltage Center (V) has an Input Clock (MHz) of 25 x 3, and a Part Number of a80486dx4-75?
What is the low gold total for under 2 total and over 0 silvers?
How many silvers for the nation with under 6 total and under 0 bronze?
The person that was notable for professional wrestling had a Born-Died of what year?
The person that was born in Sydney died in what year?
The person notable for tennis died in what year?
What was the record when the team played at Oakland Seals?
What was the purse when the trainer was Aidan O'Brien?
What is the time for when cornelio velasquez was the jockey?
Who was the jockey when the owner was Richard Pegum?
What is the purse when Aidan O'brien was the trainer?
What is the purse for the year earlier than 2013 and muhannak was the winner?
Who was the trainer in 2013?
Which throw number had a DOB of 19/10/81?
Which first's surname is Cook?
Which position has L bats and Anderson as a surname?
What is the team 2 with a team 1 us gorée?
What is the 2nd leg of team 1 Zamalek SC?
What is the 1st leg of the team with a 2-1 agg.?
What is the 2nd leg of team 2 Far rabat?
How many Watts has a Class of a, and a Frequency of 91.5 fm, and a City of license of elkhart, kansas?
Which Class has a City of license of garden city, kansas?
Which Frequency has a Call sign of kcse?
What year has 59th as a finish position?
Which 2nd day has a year prior to 2009?
What event did Pakistan get the bronze medal at the 1988 Seoul Games?
What sport in the 1960 Rome Games did Pakistan play in the Men's Freestyle Welterweight?
When did Pakistan win a Silver Medal in a Men's Competition?
When did Pakistan win a Gold Medal in Field Hockey?
What team played in the 1964 Tokyo Games?
What sport did the National Team play in the 1968 mexico City Games?
What is the total number of rounds that Center position Denis Arkhipov have?
Who is the player from Round 3 from Russia?
What is the sum of the round with the defenceman?
What is the college club that plays before round 3?
What was the population of the area that was formerly under the authority of the Audenshaw Urban District?
What is the overall pick number that Derrick Harvey was when he was picked in a round after round 1?
What college was the defensive end pick that was picked in round 2?
What is the average round that the player from USF was picked in when his draft pick number was less than 24?
What is the sum of the pick numbers where the player was picked in round 5 and overall pick number was greater than 159?
What is the average overall pick number for the USF player who was picked after round 5?
Which Population is the lowest one that has a Median family income of $74,905, and a Number of households smaller than 145,790?
What is the total number of Rapes that have Embezzlements a figure of 820 and total number of convictions less than 94,574?
How many were in Attendance during a Tie no of 1?
What was the Attendance during the Tamworth Away game?
Which 1st prize ($) has a Winner of scott simpson (7)?
How many 1st prizes have a Date of aug 17?
Which Tournament has a Location of texas, and a Winner of tom watson (39)?
What was the resolution for KO opposing Cliff Beckett?
What is the type when Robert Villemain had a record at 109–1–2?
What is the platform & frequency [MHz] of the whr-g54s model?
What is the voltage iinput [V/A] of the whr-g54s model?
What is the Ethernet port count of the whr-hp-g300n model?
Which Year has an Album of airwaves, and a US Hot 100 of –?
Which Song has a Year smaller than 1979, and a US Hot 100 of 8?
What is the series record for the game on April 24?
What was the game number that took place on April 27?
Which Opponent has a Attendance of 6,275?
Which Opponent has a Attendance of 7,034?
When has a Result of 0–2 and a Opponent of aberdeen?
Which Venue has a Result of 2–2 and Attendances of 5,760?
Which Venue has Attendances of 11,045?
When Venue of A has Attendance of 4,365?
What is the 1st leg of cs sfaxien?
Name the finish for lee janzen
Name the most total with to par more than 16
What was the Steeler's record when they played against the new york Jets?
What is the Result from the Date that is December 8, 1963?
What is the date when the attendance is 960?
What is the date of the away venue with an opponent of wightlink raiders with an attendance larger than 375?
What is the average attendance when the opponent is telford tigers?
What is the result when the attendance is 960?
Name the tournament for 2006 of a, 1996 of 1r and 2004 of 1r
Name the 2003 for atp masters series 1998
Name the 1997 for atp masters series 1992
what city is brule in
Who was performer 3 with karen maruyama as performer 2?
What day was wayne brady performer 2, ryan stiles performer 4, and an episode number greater than 5?
Which course has a flat stage on 4 September?
What is the date for the La Granja de San Ildefonso to Alto de Navacerrada course?
Who won the Granada course?
What is the distance for the 5 September race?
What is the race date for the course Jaén to Córdoba?
What was the average election year that has less than 136 deputies, and 1,560,753 votes received?
What percentage of the vote was 1,255,153 of received votes?
What were the number of deputies for the 1964 election year?
What is the number of deputies with 94.2% of the votes?
What was deputies with the lowest number of unknown received votes, in an election year after 1986?
Which Result has a Date of 7 june 2000?
Which Venue has a Date of 21 june 2000?
Which Competition has a Venue of jan breydel, bruges, belgium?
Which Date has a Result of 3–4?
Game site of shea stadium, and a Week smaller than 10, and a Opponent of baltimore colts happened on what date?
Game site of candlestick park had what opponent?
Game site of miami orange bowl, and a Attendance larger than 49,754 happened on what highest week?
Opponent of denver broncos happened on what date?
Name the score when february is more than 24 and has a record of 9-8-2
Name the most game with opponent of hartford whalers
What is the distance for the course Civitavecchia to San Vincenzo?
Who won at course Forlì to Carpi?
What was the distance on 24 May?
what is the runner-up for the intercontinental cup
Which average attendance has stoneman (0-2) as the loss?
What is the average attendance that has april 12 as the date?
Clock rate (MHz) smaller than 400, and a Bandwidth (MB/s) of 1420 has what channels?
Bandwidth (MB/s) smaller than 4800, and a Bus width (bits) smaller than 16 has what highest Clock rate (MHz)?
Designation of pc800 has which highest Bus width (bits)?
Which Year has a Start of 14?
Which Year has a Finish of 22, and a Team of swan?
Which Finish has a Start of 15, and a Team of bahari?
Which Team has a Year of 2000?
What is the info for the year 2010, for the Australian Open tournament?
Which Android has anOther Unix of unknown?
Which Mac OS X has an AmigaOS of partial?
Which Mac OS X has a Linux of no, and an AmigaOS of no, and an Android of unknown?
What was the score for the game against the Golden State Warriors?
What was the score of game 43?
Who was the opposing team for the February 1 game?
What's the total of Year that's got a Team of Porsche Kremer Racing?
Which Class has a Chassis of Mazda 787B?
What Year has a Tyre of D, and Chassis of Mazda 787?
What is the total number of Laps that's got a Year less than 1987?
In what week was the Result L 35-10?
What is listed for Played that has Points against of 263?
What is listed under Played that has a Club of Morriston RFC?
What is listed for the Tries against that has a Played of 22, along with a Club of Ystalyfera RFC?
What is listed for Points for that has a Club of Club?
Which Losing Bonus has a Try Bonus of 8?
What is listed for the Drawn that has a Tray bonus of 5 wiht Points for of 517?
Name the average top-10 for cuts made of 10 and top-25 more than 6
Name the most top-5 for wins less than 0 and events less than 16
Name the least top-10 for cuts made less than 11 and wins more than 0
Name the least cuts for top-5 more than 2 with top 25 less than 6 and top 10 less than 11
Has Episode 1b-16 (42) been preserved?
What is the sum of all domestic passengers with 10.9% change and less than 4,022 tonnes in freight?
Which in 2004 has a 2003 of 1r and Wimbledon Tournament
What is in 2007 has 2004 olympic games?
What is in 2002 has a 2001 score 1–0, and a 2000 of 3–0?
What is in 2003 that has a Career Win-Loss of 6–7
What is the score of the game that had a decision of Parent, home team of Philadelphia, and visitor of Pittsburgh?
Which Top-5 is the lowest one that has Wins smaller than 0?
Which Cuts made is the highest one that has a Top-5 of 1, and a Top-25 larger than 16?
Which Events is the highest one that has a Top-5 larger than 5, and a Top-10 larger than 28?
When was the earliest that New England Patriots played?
What is the average week with St. Louis Cardinals with less than 80,010 attendance?
Which Runs is the highest one that has a Match larger than 63, and a Venue of national stadium, karachi, and a Year smaller than 1996?
Which Year has a Match of 63?
Which Match has Runs of 100, and a Year larger than 1994?
How many matches have a City/Country of karachi, pakistan, and a Year larger than 1996?
What is the highest number of Silvers for rank 7 teams with 1 gold and under 1 bronze?
What is the fewest number of silvers for teams with more than 21 gold and more than 4 bronze?
What is the average number of silvers for teams ranked 5 with 0 bronze?
Where was the game with a result of won 5-0?
What was the date of the game with a result of won 4-2?
What was the date of the game against Hayes & Yeading United?
Where was the game with a result of won 5-0?
If the RR Rate is less than 0.75 with a result of RR:08,09, what is the average appeared?
What's the total appeared that has an RR Rate less than 0.17?
For Angelique Kerber who had an RR Rate of less than 0.33, what's the appeared?
What is the area (km²) of Nairnshire county, which has a population less than 11,050?
What was the Attendance of August 26?
What is the highest number of severe tropical cyclones when there are 10 tropical cyclones and 14 tropical lows?
Which track in Austria has Bobsleigh-skeleton curves with a grade of 14%?
What is the shortest length of a track in Norway that has a maximum grade of 15% and a vertical drop less than 122.22 m?
What is the highest vertical drop among the 1,200 meter long tracks?
How many Attendance has a Opponent of west bromwich albion, and a Result of 3 – 3, and a Match larger than 20?
WHich Match has a Venue of h on 22 september 1888 with Attendances smaller than 4,000?
What is the venue of the match on 5 April 2000?
What is the round number of the match with Michael Buell as the opponent?
What is the time of the match with a win result, more than 2 rounds, and Makoto Ishikawa as the opponent?
what team scored 65-87
what was the score on september 14
What form factor has capacities at 60/120/180/240?
Which value for Form factor has Sandforce with Capacity 80/120/180/240/360/480 introduced in July 2013?
Which controller has an interface of pcie 2.0 × 8?
Which controller is NAND type 25nm mlc-het with sequential read/write MB/s of 270/210?
Which interface uses Sandforce with a code name of Sierra Star?
What is the Highest finish with a Most recent finish that was 2nd?
What is the result of the game at the Shea Stadium at 12:30pm (ET)?
Which Played is the lowest one that has a Blackpool smaller than 0?
Which Blackpool is the highest one that has a Draw larger than 18?
How much Preston North End has a Blackpool smaller than 0?
Which Blackpool has a Preston North End smaller than 46, and a Competition of other, and a Draw larger than 1?
What is the finish for the chip ganassi racing team that was later than 2010 and a Start of 17?
What is shown for Chassis for the year of 2007?
What is the name of the team with a finish of 19?
What is the Finish when the start shows 3 in the year of 2010?
What is the Engine with 3 as the start in the year of 2007?
What was the Score on October 24, 1982 in Tokyo, Japan?
What Tournament on October 24, 1982 had Alycia Moulton as the Partner?
Who were the Opponents when Laura DuPont had Pam Shriver as Partner with a Score of 6-3, 6-3?
On what Surface was the match with a Score of 3-6, 1-6 played?
In what Tournament was Barbara Jordan a Partner with a Score of 6-2, 3-6, 3-6?
Name the points with tries for of 40
Name the played with losing bonus of 3 and points against of 426
Name the club with points of 56
Name the points against for porthcawl rfc
Name the club for drawn of 0 and lost of 0
Name the points with lost of 19
result is lost re-election republican gain, what is the district?
Which Winning constructor has a Winning driver of felice nazzaro?
Who is Winning driver on 18 may?
WHo is Winning driver that is in st. petersburg - moscow?
Which Date has a Winning constructor of fiat and a Winning driver of louis wagner?
Which Report is on 1 june?
When is vanderbilt cup in?
Which event is in round 1 with a record at 5-1?
When the country is Cambodia and the total is smaller than 1 what's the lowest silver?
What is the highest gold for Cambodia when the total is less than 1?
What is the total silver when bronze is smaller than 0?
What is the total when the gold of 0, and a bronze larger than 1?
What is the total when bronze has a silver larger than 2?
What is the sum of silver medals for teams with more than 14 total medals and more than 16 golds?
What is the rank of the team having 3 bronzes and 0 silver?
How many tries against did the club with 383 points against have?
How many tries against did the club with 48 tries for have?
How many points did the club with 13 losses and 461 points against have?
How many tries against did Pentyrch RFC have?
What is the lowest drawn that has games less than 7?
Hoe many of lost have points greater than 14?
How many of lost have 11 as the points, and a drawn greater than 1?
What is the lowest game that has a drawn less than 0?
Which Total is the lowest one that has a Bronze of 0, and a Silver larger than 0, and a Rank of 5?
Which Bronze has a Total smaller than 2, and a Silver larger than 0, and a Gold smaller than 0?
Which Rank is the lowest one that has a Nation of switzerland, and a Bronze smaller than 0?
Which Total is the highest one that has a Bronze of 0, and a Nation of poland, and a Gold smaller than 0?
What is the save of the game that 23,394 people attended?
Whihc Date is the lowest one that has a Competition of league, and a Venue of away, and an Opponent of swindon wildcats, and an Attendance larger than 1,201?
How many Dates have an Opponent of romford raiders, and a Result of won 7-3, and an Attendance larger than 1,769?
Which Date has an Opponent of milton keynes lightning, and an Attendance smaller than 1,771?
Which Attendance has a Date of october 25?
Which Score has a Visitor of atlanta?
Which Yards has a Attempts of 247
Which yard has a Completion of 64.9%?
Which Completions has Yards of 10,098?
When has Attempts of 282 ?
Which Completions has Attempts of 1,271?
which Completion % has a Yards of 2,175?
What was the surface for Adrian Ungur as an opponent?
What was the score on a clay surface on May 29, 2006?
Which tournament had a score of 6–3, 7–6?
On what surface was the opponent Michael Berrer?
What game has 2 points?
How many total drawn has less than 4 lost and 8 points?
How many lost are there before game 7?
How many touchdowns did the player with less than 4495 yards, long of less than 80, and yds/att less than 5.5 have?
How many attempts did the player ranking with a number higher than 1, who started after 1997 and had yds/att of 5 have?
What is the average net yds for the player who had a long of 68 and started after 1984?
What is the lowest number of attempts for the player with a rank number larger than 3, who started after 1984 and had less than 6.1 yds/att?
Which film was made before 2002?
Which film has a role named Taylor?
What notes does the film Touch & go have?
What language is the film Marion Bridge?
What language is the film with a character named Annabelle?
What is the lowest pick from the Furman School that is a round smaller than 8?
What is the total number of round picks from the Morris Brown School?
What is the total number of rounds for the player of Rell Tipton?
On what date was game 3 played?
Which game took place on April 22?
What was the standing in the series after game 1?
Which race had a time of 1:24.35?
What was the date for the G1 group race at Flemington?
What was the combined weight in kilograms of the horses in the race at Chelmsford stakes?
In what year was the artist Afro-dite?
What stadium was the game held at on December 23, 2001?
What is the Record for the game held on December 2, 2001?
What is the average Game where there were 65,666 in attendance?
Driving Force EX of 25cm (10-inch) involves what feature?
GT Force of no, and a Driving Force Pro of no, and a G27 Racing Wheel of no has what driving force gt?
Feature of gear stick involves which driving force gt?
Driving Force EX of no, and a Driving Force GT of yes, and a Driving Force Pro of yes has what feature?
Driving Force EX of no, and a Driving Force Pro of no, and a G25 Racing Wheel of no involves which g27 racing wheel?
GT Force of yes, and a G27 Racing Wheel of 16 involves which driving force ex?
What is the score on october 7?
How many people went to the game that had 17-13?
What is the highest rank for the airport with a code of HKG/VHHH?
How many Points have Drawn of 7, and a Team of corinthians, and a Played larger than 18?
Which Points is the highest one that has a Position of 5, and a Played smaller than 18?
Which Drawn is the average one that has a Position smaller than 9, and Points smaller than 22, and a Lost smaller than 9, and an Against larger than 29?
How many Against have Played smaller than 18?
What is the points difference associated with more than 3 points and more than 0 losses?
What is the difference associated with more than 2 losses and more than 1 point?
What location did game 64 take place
What was the Attendance after Week 7 at Tiger Stadium?
What was the Attendance at the Game with a Result of w 21–7?
How many years have a Make/ Model of new flyer c40lfr?
Which Make/ Model that Numbers (Quantity Ordered) of 1461–1500 (40 buses)?
Which Fuel Propulsion has Numbers (Quantity Ordered) of 7124-7156 (33 buses)?
Which Numbers (Quantity Ordered) have a Fuel Propulsion of cng, and a Year smaller than 2008, and a Make/ Model of nabi 40-lfw?
Which Numbers (Quantity Ordered) have a Make/ Model of eldorado national passport?
What is the earliest year for Alabama with a pick under 26?
Which player was pick 2 later than 2010?
Which position has a pick greater than 28?
what team played on august 25
What class is associated with 0 stages won, a hummer, and before 2009?
What position did he finish in 2012?
What year did he compete in the car class and win 0 stages?
on week of february 12, in the west division, what is the position?
What is the listed Location with a # found of 4?
What's the Ball Diameter with the Location oof El Manati, and the Period of 1200 BCE?
What's the Ball Diameter with the Culture of Olmec?
What's the Period with # found of 5?
Which Country has azeri tv tower?
What is Pinnacle height of chimney of orot rabin?
Which Country has a Pinnacle height of metres (ft) and a Name of azeri tv tower?
Which Town has a Structural type of guyed mast and a Country of belgium?
What is the Main use of emley moor tower (mk.3)?
What is the Main use of transmitter solt in Hungary?
what day was the sandown
What is the Birth of the lady that has a Became Duchess on 18 august 1593 husband's accession?
Who is the Spouse of the Duchess that has a Birth on 29 october 1451?
Who is The Spouse of the Duchess that has a Became Duchess  on 31 october 1733 husband's accession?
WHo Became Duchess that has a Death of 26 october 1614?
What is the Spouse of the Duchess that has a Death on 6 april 1780?
Which season with 16 races had less than 321 points and a larger percent than 65.78 possible?
What season had less than 301 points and 17 races?
What time did bruce anstey complete in a honda 1000cc?
Who holds the time of 17:11.572?
Who holds the time of 17:11.572?
What machine did susan jenness trophy earn the trophy?
Agri culture b larger than 12.6, what is the lowest vehicles per 1000?
Income poverty f smaller than 13.6, and a Mining b of 1, and a Structural poverty g smaller than 7.8, so what is the total number of agriculture?
What's the bulgarian word for January?
What's the Bulgarian word for september?
Who was the Opponent when the Save was || 36,388 ||15-7||?
What Opponent played on the Date May 21?
What was the Score when the Loss was ruthven (1-4)?
What was the highest pick for Penn State?
What position does pick number 12 play?
What is the pick number for the College of Central Missouri State?
What was Rich Voltzke's highest pick number?
How many Games has Points larger than 0 and a Lost smaller than 4?
which Points has Games smaller than 7?
How many Drawns have Points smaller than 5 and a Lost larger than 7?
Which record has a date of January 29?
Which score has a visitor of New York?
What is the name of the visitor on January 24?
Which home game has a date of January 7?
What is the highest number of doctorates the college of informatics and systems, which has 0 specialists and less than 2 master's degrees, have?
On what Date is the Blue Coalition 8,80%?
What Source has an Attack of 9,77%?
What Attack has a Source of NCIOM?
What Attack has a 30,00% GERB?
What GERB has an 11% Attack?
Which Tie # has a Score of 3–0, and a Home team of bristol rovers?
Which Score has a Home team of yeovil town won 5–3 on penalties?
Which Tie # has an Away team of slough town?
Which Attendance has a Tie # of 32?
Which Away team has a Tie # of replay, and an Attendance of 24 november 1998, and a Home team of rotherham united?
Which Tie # that has an Attendance of 14 november 1998, and an Away team of hayes?
Name the date with winner outcome and opponent of noppawan lertcheewakarn jessica moore
Name the score for 21 may 2011
Name the partner with opponent of michaëlla krajicek eleni daniilidou
Name the outcome for opponent of michaëlla krajicek eleni daniilidou
How many wins had Matches greater than 5?
What was the round number when Michael Hjalm played?
What is the position Bill Campbell played before round 6?
What is the date for the release with a catalogue number of WARPCDD333?
What is the country/region for the releases from Beat Records?
What is the Total with a Player named robbie winters?
What Position has a Player named kenneth udjus?
What is the latest day in November of the game with a 15-5-2 record?
What is the latest day in November with a game 15?
What is the lowest wins with points larger than 46, and a rank of 10th?
What is the average points with a year higher than 1989, and a rank of 7th?
What is the year that has points larger than 20?
What is year that has points larger than 46, and a rank of 6th?
What earliest year with points larger than 68 and a rank of 7th?
what player went to ul-monroe
How many drawn having more than 9 points?
Which Number stayed in Southeast has over 4,000 emigrated or forcibly removed?
How many warfare deaths befell the choctaw nation?
How many of those who stayed in the southeast had 19,600 emigrated or forcibly removed?
Which removal treaty covered the chickasaw nation?
When did stage 5 occur?
Who were the opponents during week 14?
What is the highest attendance for the game before week 13 on December 9, 1973?
What is the average attendance for the games after week 2 on September 23, 1973?
What is the total number of weeks where games were on November 5, 1973 and the attendance was larger than 49,220?
Record of 9–1 had what game site?
Record of 8–1, and a Week larger than 9 had what highest attendance?
Result of w 24–21, and a Week smaller than 6 had what sum of attendance?
Date of October 25, 1964 involves what record?
What is the high total for algeria with over 2 bronzes?
What is the highest number of silvers for qatar with under 8 total, 0 golds, and over 2 bronzes?
How many bronzes for the nation with over 20 total, under 26 golds, and over 0 silvers?
Who one bronze in the event where Choi Jun-Sang won gold, and Suh Jung-Kyun won silver?
Who won bronze in Seoul?
Who won bronze is 2006?
What year did the event in Hiroshima take place?
Who won bronze in 2002?
What is the game number of the game with the Edmonton Oilers as the opponent after February 12?
How many Seasons that has Years of 1976–1977?
What week of the season had a date of october 5, 1975?
How many Events have a Top-10 larger than 6, and a Top-5 smaller than 8?
How many Wins have a Top-10 smaller than 6, and Cuts made larger than 7, and a Top-5 of 0?
What is the result of the game on May 14?
What is the result of the game on May 14 with Philadelphia as the road team?
What is the result of the game on May 4 with Philadelphia as the road team?
What is the road team of game 6 with Philadelphia as the home team?
What is the result of game 5 with Los Angeles as the home team?
What is the road team of the game with Philadelphia as the home team with a result of 105-102?
Which Result has a Party of republican, and a First elected smaller than 1856?
Which District has a First elected of 1856, and an Incumbent of william kellogg?
Which First elected has a District of illinois 3?
How much First elected has a Result of re-elected, and a Party of republican, and a District of illinois 4?
on january 7 what is home?
on january 12 who was the visitor?
on january 7 what is the record?
What is the total number of silver medals of the team with less than 2 gold, 1 bronze, and more than 2 total medals?
What is the highest number of silver medals of the team with less than 0 bronzes?
What is the total number of silver medals of the team ranked 7 with more than 1 total medal?
What is the average number of bronze medals of the team with 0 silvers, ranked 3, and less than 1 total medal?
What is the number of silver medals of the team with 0 gold, ranked 5, and more than 0 bronze medals?
What was the sum for a top-10 U.S. open that had a top-25 bigger than 0?
What were the total number of cuts made in an event larger than 4 and a top-10 smaller than 4?
What is the total number of top-25 that has a top-10 smaller than 4 with 0 cuts?
What was the cuts average in tournament totals in an event larger than 24?
What is the total for a top-10 in a masters tournament in an event smaller than 4?
Which Against is the highest one that has a Team of flamengo, and a Lost smaller than 1?
How many Lost have a Team of flamengo, and an Against smaller than 5?
Which Played is the highest one that has Points of 5, and a Drawn smaller than 1?
What was the nationality for the player in Round 1?
Who plays the right wing position?
What celebrity finished 6th?
What day did the celebrity who finished 4th enter?
Which celebrity who was famous for being the ex busted member and TV presenter exited on day 19?
Which celebrity was famous for finishing 9th?
What rank did Myleene Klass finish?
Opponent of kilmarnock, and a Result of 1–1 happened in what venue?
what is the weight of a shot that is xx-inch?
What is the length of the film with Burleigh Sullivan as the character?
What is the length of the film with the character type being a milkman turned prizefighter?
What is the character name that has phyllis welch as the leading lady?
Who directed the film that had phyllis welch as the leading lady?
What was the character name for the film with a release date of July 29, 1938?
What Locomotive was Delivered as T414?
What Owner Delivered the T415?
What is the Entered service date of the T413?
What is the Delivered as name of the H3 Locomotive?
What is the Entered service date of the H1 Locomotive?
What was the highest week with a result of l 16–12?
Who was the opponent at the game with a result of l 27–3?
What was the date of the game with a result of bye before week 12?
What was the record at the game against the Los Angeles Rams?
Who is the opponent from September 28?
Who was the opponent at the game later than game 22 when the record was 17-10-4?
What were the Opponents of the team, that made it to the third round, before 2008?
What was the score in 1997 for the team that has a Progress of no entrants?
How many Atts that have Yards of 43 and a Long larger than 43?
How many Ints have a Rating smaller than 87, and Yards larger than 4?
Which visitor has detroit as the home, and february 24 as the date?
What score has detroit as the home and february 17 as the date?
What shows for Scorers when the Opponent was west germany on October 7?
Who was the director of Battalion Wars 2 which was released on GCN after 2004?
What year was Metroid Prime Hunters 5 released?
What platform was used for the game directed by Bryan Walker after 2006?
What 3ds game did Naohiko Aoyama direct?
What was the score when the loss was hideo nomo (3–5)?
What was the score on may 19?
Name of the highest Pick is also a Round greater than 5 and Player as Tom Ivey?
What Nationality is the Pick that is 116?
What is the total of Pick with a Position of n/a and Greg Wendt as Player with a Round less than 6?
What was the score at 3:27?
What is the cardinal direction of Monday in English?
What is the cardinal direction northwest in English?
What is the sign of Burmese taninganwe တနင်္ဂနွေ?
What is the cardinal direction of Wednesday p.m. in English?
What is the sign of the Burmese taninganwe တနင်္ဂနွေ?
On January 5 who was the home team?
What was the Pick Number when the position was wide receiver, the college was Southern Miss with an overall less than 186?
Let's say position was linebacker with a pick number less than 5, what was the highest round?
What transfer window has baptista as the name?
What country has a loan as the type?
What type has song as the name?
What ends has transferred as the type?
What moving has fra as the country?
What transfer window has bra as the country, with £3.4m as the transfer fee?
Which Incumbent has a District of massachusetts 2?
Which Incumbent has a District of massachusetts 8?
Which District has a First elected larger than 1858?
What episode has  a manual motorcycle transmissions section D?
What segment A is associated with a Segment C of paint chip cards?
What segment A is associated with a Segment D of manual motorcycle transmissions?
What is shown for Austria when Croatia shows Ireland?
What is the smallest number for 102 when Friendly of friendly, and an Austria of greece?
What is the Losing bonus with an extra try bonus?
What did the loss come from a Club of mumbles rfc?
Round of 1, and a Record of 10–2 had what method?
Record of 3–1 had what Res?
Record of 47–5 (1) involved what res?
Opponent of sergei bondarovich, and a Record of 2–0 had what method?
Method of submission (chin in the eye) had what opponent?
Opponent of leonardo castello branco had what record?
Who won in mixed doubles in 2008?
Who was the opponent in Belgrade and had a result of 5:2?
On what date was there a friendly game against Wales?
What were the results against the game against Egypt?
What were the results against the game against Skoplje?
What type of game was held against France with the results of 3:1?
Name the 2012 for us open
Name the 2012 for 2009 of a and 2010 of a and 2011 of a
Name the 2012 for us open
Name the tournament for 2010 of grand slam tournaments
What is the attendance number for the record of 17-22?
What is the record when the loss is westbrook (1-6)?
What is the final score of the 1st round game of club Union Luxembourg?
Which competition features the 1st round of Club Union Luxembourg?
Which Competition has a 2nd round score of 1:0, 0:1 (4:3 a.p.)?
What's the final score of the competition that features the club of fk Austria wien?
Which club has a 2nd round score of 1:0, 3:0?
What is the mission for switzerland as a resident County?
What is the local mission that has kingstown as a local location?
What is the local mission that has ambassador as the local position, and a mission of suriname?
What is the local location that has senegal as the resident county, and a mission of mali?
What is the local mission that has none as a local location, high commissioner as a local position, fiji as a resident county, and a mission of tonga?
What is the mission that has ambassador of local position, and a resident country of democratic republic of congo?
What position did the player play in the european cross country championships in 2008?
What venue hsoted the european cross country championships with a notes of junior men individual 6.595km?
What position did the person finish in with a notes of junior men individual 5.64km?
What venue hosted in 2005 and had a Notes of men individual 9.84km?
Who was the opponent at the game with a result of w 20-17?
What is the total number of weeks with a game at the Milwaukee County Stadium attended by 47,897?
What is the highest round that had a pick lower than 8?
What title does Overkill have before 1984?
What is the Departure time at Kanpur Central Station?
What is the Station Name of Platform 5?
What is the average pick # of the player from round 11?
What is the overall of the player with a pick # higher than 13?
what year did naga bonar take place
Natural change of 42 689 has which lowest Crude birth rate (per 1000)?
What is the sum of votes for the green party?
What is the sum of votes of the party with a % of 0.53 and more than 0 seats?
What was the time of the game on April 5?
Which 2011 has a 2010 of 1r, and a 2009 of 1r?
Which Tournament has a 2009 of q1, and a 2008 of 1r?
Which 2008 has a 2009 of A, and a 2010 of A, and a 2012 of 1r, and a Tournament of cincinnati masters?
Which 2009 has a 2008 of A, and a Tournament of canada masters?
Which 2008 has a 2009 of A, and a Tournament of cincinnati masters?
Which 2012 has a 2010 of 0–0?
What Date had a Partner of urszula radwańska?
Which Opponent had a Surface of hard, and a Partner of maria elena camerin?
Which Partner had an Opponent of darija jurak carmen klaschka?
Which Date had an Outcome of runner-up, and a Surface of carpet?
Which Surface had an Opponent of fernanda hermenegildo monika kochanova?
Who was the opponent in the game that was attended by 42,000 people?
Who was the opponent in the game that was attended by 48,000 people?
On what day(s) did the Gophers play against Michigan?
What was the result of the game that was attended by 16,000 people?
Which Season has an Agg of 4–1, and an Opponent of rapid wien?
Which Home has an Opponent of brøndby?
Which Away has an Opponent of slavia prague?
Which Away has a Competition of uefa cup, and an Opponent of anderlecht?
Which Away has a Home of 2–2?
Which Away has a Season of 2001–02, and an Opponent of dinaburg?
What is the total number for grid with a Suzuki GSX-R1000 K7 for +13.283?
What was the time for a grid less than 6 for Noriyuki Haga?
What was the time for a grid more than 6 in less than 23 laps with a Honda CBR1000RR?
What is the sum of laps for Karl Muggeridge on a grid less than 16?
Which album awarded Paul McGuinness a Lifetime Achievement Award?
Which act's album has a name of All That You Can't Leave Behind?
In what year did Aslan receive a Lifetime Achievement Award and Snow Patrol perform?
Who won the Lifetime Achievement Award when Snow Patrol performed and Juliet Turner presented?
What band performed when Samantha Mumba presented?
What is the lowest Draws for a season later than 1919 with more than 0 wins?
What is the sum of Draws for a season later than 1964?
What is the sum of Wins when draws shows 0 in 1964?
What is the highest Draws for a season later than 1926 with less than 0 wins?
What is the highest Draws with less than 18 losses for north melbourne later than 1926?
what week had a player named zach
What is the largest number for SHTS for the San Jose earthquakes with MINS larger than 2700?
What is the sum of Rank when Pat Onstad was the goalkeeper?
What is the club for the 132 SHTS?
What is the largest MINS for the San Jose Earthquakes with a SHTS less than 166?
When has a Surface of clay, and an Opponent in the final of andrés gómez javier sánchez?
Which Tournament has a Partner of karel nováček?
Which Tournament is in 1993 with a Score in the final of 6–2, 2–6, 7–5?
Riggs of e, and a Buechel & Manhart spelling (pronunciation) of e had what ullrich?
Rood & Taylor of o, and a Buechel & Manhart spelling (pronunciation) of o had what university of Minnesota?
Dakota Mission of t, and a Deloria & Boas of tʽ, and a Ullrich of tȟ had what white hat?
Deloria & Boas of n included what university of Minnesota?
Deloria & Boas of ų, and a Dakota Mission of un had what Buechel & Manhart spelling (pronunciation)?
University of Minnesota of ṭ had what Deloria & Boas?
Which November has a Game smaller than 16, and Points larger than 22?
Which Record has a Game larger than 15, and Points smaller than 31, and a November of 7?
What is the highest number of bronze for the United States with more than 1 silver?
What is the sum of all silver medals with more than 2 bronze?
What is the lowest number of silver medals with a rank of 4 and total medals greater than 1?
What is the average number of bronze medals with 1 silver, 5 gold, and over 6 total medals?
What is the highest rank with less than 2 bronze, more than 1 gold, and less than 1 silver?
Who remixed an album of dance remixes?
Who remixed a music video in 1985?
What year was Mother's Live remix created?
Which position ranked 10th overall?
Which player played wide receiver after 2008?
Which Player has a Date of 13 july 2007?
Which Player had a Date of 31 jan. 2008, and a Transfer fee of £3.87m?
Which Date had a Transfer fee of £8.8m?
Which From club had a Transfer fee of £3.87m?
Which Player had a From club of atlético madrid?
What is the decision of the game larger than 6.
On May 8 what series is it?
Which KOREAN has a CHINESE of 師子菩提 / shīzǐpútí?
Which JAPANESE has a KOREAN of 상나화수 / sanahwasa?
Which SANSKRT has a CHINESE of 摩拏羅 / mónáluó?
Which SANSKRT has a JAPANESE of jayana?
Which VIETNAMESE has a CHINESE of 婆須密 / póxūmì?
Which VIETNAMESE has a CHINESE of 不如密多 / bùrúmìduō?
What is the mean pick number for Iowa College when the overall is less than 200?
What was the result on 26 October 1993?
Who was the Away team on the result of 1-5 aet?
What season had a date of 30 august 1980
What round had a home of FC augsburg with the result of 3-0?
What is the office held by member Mark Coulton?
What office is held by Electorate Hume?
Which memeber has nt as the state?
Which memeber has nsw as the state, a first elected of 1952, and alp as the party?
Which party has wa as the state, and hon victor garland as the memeber?
Which party has a first elected of 1966, qld as the state, and donald milner cameron as the member?
Which memeber has a first elected of 1972, alp as the party, vic as the state, and an electorate of gellibrand?
Where was the game played with a 2013 left and Royals nickname?
What joined that was founded prior to year 1856 and whose current conference is the Big South (NCAA Division I)?
What is the total number of teams founded that were left in 1976?
What is the Set 1 when the date is 08 jul, and a Set 2 of 25–21?
What is the Score for Set 2 of 24–26?
What shows for Report hen there is a set 1 of 19–25?
What is the Date with a Time of 17:37, and the Set 4 is 25–15?
What is the Report with a Score of 3–1, and Set 1 is 19–25?
What is the Report for 08 jul, and a Score of 3–1?
What is the Nation with a Record that is 7.39?
What is the Date with a Record that is 7.39?
What is Episode, when XII Season is 4 118 160 (26 september 2010)?
What is VII Season, when Episode is 11?
What is XII Season, when Episode is 6?
What is Episode, when VIII Season is 5 082 535 (19 October 2008)?
What is XIII Season, when VIII Season is 4 780 743 (2 november 2008)?
Which Lost has Points of 28 and a Drawn smaller than 8?
How many Againsts have Points larger than 31 and a Drawn larger than 6?
What is the highest number of votes for McCain in a county that voted 1.6% for other, 40.5% for McCain, and fewer than 256,299 votes for Obama?
What is the Round with 1 Behinds?
What is the goals for Round 15?
What was the Attendance on 31 January 1987?
What was the location and attendance with a score of w 89–86 (ot)?
How many games had a score of l 91–95 (ot)?
What is the name of the player for the 2010-2011 season, from a Free Agency and is Number 14?
Which season had a trade with the school/club team La Salle?
Who is the position for the 2009-2010 season, number 1?
What is the name for the forward in the 2009-2010 season?
What is the number for the forward position from the school/club team La Salle?
Who is the position from the school/club Far Eastern?
What is the highest number of games played for teams with 3 draws, 5 losses, and under 39 points?
What is the highest number of losses for teams with under 3 draws and 51 points?
Tell me the record for a time in seconds smaller than 5.22.
What sport was played on November 14, 2009?
Whose Visitor has a Record of 3–18?
When has a Leading scorer of ricky davis (20)?
Which  Home has a Leading scorer of dajuan wagner (25) and a Score of 89–82? Question 3
When has a Visitor of bulls?
Which Visitor has a Home of bulls?
WHich Home is on 14 december 2002?
What is the profession of Skaj Vikler, who entered the house on day 1 and was evicted on day 29?
What is the profession of the housemate from Leskovac city?
When did slađana pejić, who was evicted on day 29, enter the house?
What is slađana pejić's profession?
What city is the housemate who entered the house on day 1 and whose profession was a tv presenter from?
What is the profession of the housemate from Leskovac city?
What is the home team of the UEFA cup in the 2000-2001 season with a second round?
What is the away team of the UEFA champions league?
Which Position has a League of southern league premier division, and a Season of 2004–05?
Which Draw has a Season of 2001–02, and Points larger than 47?
Which Lost is the highest one that has a Season of 2001–02, and Points larger than 47?
How many bronze numbers had a total of more than 4 when the rank is less than four, germany is involved, and there's less than 5 silver?
Which Place has Phil Mickelson as the Player?
What is the To Par for Player Chris Riley?
Which Player has a Place of T2 and a Country listed as Fiji?
What is the average Height when the weight is less than 91 and the position is d, and a Birthdate of july 4, 1975?
What is the sum of Weight for the person born in virginia, minnesota?
What is the Birthdate for the person with a height less than 191, and weight of 84 kg?
What is the Position with a height of less than 183, and a weight of less than 91 kg and born in bloomington, minnesota?
Which claimant's rank is 200?
What is the most points for South Ossetia?
Which highest rank belongs to the palestinian territories?
What is the highest amount of points for rank 95?
What season had a .439 Win% in the 1996-97 Team?
What conference is the 1973-74 team in the Atlantic Division (Div.)?
Which season has a .354 Win%?
What is the Win% of the 1989-90 Team?
What is the High rebounds with a Team that is charlotte?
On what date was the rocket a TBD with a satellite of GPS IIIA-1?
Which type is a satellite of GPS IIIA-2?
What was the launch site for a satellite of GPS IIIA-2?
What is Choreographer(s), when Chosen is Mary Murphy, and when Style is Contemporary?
What is Chosen By, when Couple is Katee Shean Joshua Allen, and when Choreographer(s) is Nakul Dev Mahajan?
What is Style, when Choreographer(s) is Dave Scott?
What is Couple, when Choreographer(s) is Nakul Dev Mahajan?
What is the average number for Northgate which commenced its construction before 1951?
What is the lowest population for the neighborhood with the color blue that commenced its construction before 1987?
What is the sum of Top-25 when there are more than 0 wins?
What is the lowest Top-10 when the Top-25 is 6, and a Tournament of u.s. open, and a Cut made larger than 9?
What is the lowest Top-25 when events shows 12, the top-5 is 1, and less than 11 cuts?
What is the Enrollment at Onalaska?
What Public Institution is in Black River Falls?
What is the total number of Block for the Player with less than 85 Weight and more than 187 Height?
What is the Name of the player with less than 342 Block, less than 87 Weight and Height more than 187?
What is the Weight of the player with a Block larger than 328, Spike greater than 375 and Height larger than 207?
What is the Result with a Category of album of the year in a Year that is 2011?
What is Season, when Name is Tony Boy Espinosa?
What is the average Number, when Position is Forward?
What is the lowest Number, when School/Club Team is Misamis Institute?
What is School/Club Team, when Season is 2006-2012?
What is Acquisition via, when Season is 2006-2012?
What is Set 4, when Set 1 is 19-25, and when Set 2 is 23-25?
What is Set 1, when Set 4 is NA, when Score is 3-0, and when Set 2 is 29-27?
What is Set 2, when Date is May 31?
What is Set 1, when Set 2 is 17-25?
What is Set 3, when Set 4 is 25-21, and when Date is Jun 14?
What were the total number of Events, when the Top-5 was less than 2, and when the Top-25 was less than 3?
What was the total number of Top-25 values, for which Cuts made was 62, and for which Wins were less than 1?
What was the total number of Cuts made, when Top-5 was greater than 3, and when Events were 85?
What was the sum of Events, when Wins were less than 1, when Top-25 was 3, and when Top-5 was less than 1?
What was the highest Top-10, when the Top-5 was greater than 3, when the Cuts made were 20, and when the Top-25 was more than 10?
What was the lowest Top-10, when the Wins were 0, when the Top-25 was 12, and when the Events were less than 23?
What is the average Against when the drawn is more than 2 and the Difference of- 17, and a Played smaller than 20?
What is the number of Position when the team was são paulo railway and the against is less than 46?
What is the Team when the lost is less than 13, and the position is less than 4, with a Difference of 42?
What is the sum of Played when the drawn is less than 2 and against is more than 29?
Which Wins has a Byes larger than 0?
Which Against has a Peel of waroona, and a Byes larger than 0?
Which Draws has a Wins smaller than 17, and an Against smaller than 1158?
Which Draws has an Against larger than 1158, and a Wins of 9, and a Losses smaller than 9?
Which Losses has a Wins of 6, and an Against smaller than 1741?
What venue was the game played in when the winner was the atlanta hawks (11)?
What team was the loser when the result was 119–113?
What is the Loser when the winner was los angeles lakers (10)?
What is the Venue when the result was 88–87?
What team was the winner when the result was 90–86?
What is the Result when the memphis grizzlies ( 2) were the loser?
What year was the Win percentage 60%?
What is the total number of Tests when the lost is less than 9 for sir fred allen?
What is the Win percentage where there were 5 lost and 0 is drew?
How many Campeonato Paulistas had a campeonato brasileiro of more than 2, an others number of more than 0, and a copa sudamericana of more than 5?
What is the largest copa sudamericana number when the others number is less than 0?
Which Unit has Authors of dalla vecchia, wild, & reitner?
Where is two medicine formation?
What is varricchio's unit?
Which authors have a Unit of densuș-ciula formation?
Which Status has a Unit of daohugou beds?
What is varricchio's status?
What is the points average when the tied is greater than 8, less than 82 games and the coach of Bryan Mclay † Morris Lallo ‡ Gerry Moore ‡, and greater than 322 goals?
What are the most games when the points are 100 and goals for less than 356?
What is the most points when the goals against are 354 and games less than 82?
For games less than 70 and goals for greater than 335 what is the most points?
What is Gold, when Total is less than 4, when Silver is 1, and when Bronze is 1?
What is Silver, when Total is greater than 4, when Bronze is 2, and when Rank is greater than 1?
Who was on the Socialist Labor ticket that had Arthur Levitt as the Liberal Ticket?
Robert S. Flanzer was the Free Libertarian ticket with who listed as the Liberal Ticket?
The Liberal Ticket listed which candidate when Jack A. Martin was listed on the Free Libertarian Ticket?
The person who is on the Democratic ticket for the position of Office of U.S. Senator was who?
Leland W. Schubert, Free Libertarian ticket, had who listed on the Democratic ticket?
What is the lowest Extras for Chamara Kapugedera, with an E.R. less than 4.59?
What is the highest Extras with an E.R. of 4.59, and more than 101 Runs Conceded?
What is the average Extras for Muttiah Muralitharan, with less than 353 Runs Conceded?
What is the highest Extras for Farveez Maharoof, with more than 4 wickets?
What is the total number of Maidens when E.R. is less than 9.5, and a Overs Bowled larger than 57, and a Wickets of 9?
How many FA Cups on average have a larger total than 32 and a larger league than 24?
How many FA Trophies had a total of 27, 2 FA cups, and a league larger than 24?
What is the year built of the home with a built status and a 42 m. height?
What is the height of the home with stories greater than 22 and built in 2009?
What is the highest number of stories in homes with a height of 42 m.?
When the game is listed as 2, what is the score?
What is the latest November date with an Opponent of @ Pittsburgh Pirates and the game is more than 3?
When the record is listed as 2-0-0, and the November date is less than 27, what is the sum of the game?
What was the lowest number of Total Foreign-born (millions) people, when the number of people Born in a non EU state (millions) was 6.415?
What was the average number of people born in other EU states in millions, when the total number of foreign-born people in millions was 0.5, and when the total population in millions was less than 5.534?
What was the average number of people born in other EU states in millions, when the number of people born in a non EU state in millions was 31.368, and when the total population in millions was higher than 501.098?
How many people were born in a non EU state (in millions), when the Total population (in millions) was 62.008?
What away team has tottenham hotspur as the home team?
What is the Tamil Name of the Thaipusam holiday?
What is the Tamil Name of சந்திர புத்தாண்டு (தினம் 2)?
What is the Chinese Type Chinese Name of the holiday with a Tamil Name of சந்திர புத்தாண்டு (தினம் 3)?
Who was second for the United States team?
Yumie Hayashi was third for which club?
Who was Switzerland's alternate?
Which club was from Great Britain?
Glenys Bakker was second for which nation?
Rosa Pompanin was second for which club?
What date was the Singapore Gross 1999?
What is the name of the producer that produced a film with a production cost of $1,000,000?
What is the name of the director who directed the movie that Raintree Pictures produced?
What is the title of the film that had a production cost of $850,000?
How much is the Singapore Gross for the film that Siu Wing directed?
What is the Date with an Away that is broadview hawks?
What is the Home with an Away that is toronto rebels?
What is the Time with a Score that is 46-82?
What is the Date with an Away that is central blues?
What is the Time with a Home that is high park demons?
What is the Away with a Score that is 46-82?
Which Partner is on 22 april 2002?
Which Partner has an Opponents of wayne arthurs sandon stolle?
Which Score has a Tournament of san jose, us (2)?
Which Opponents has a Score of 6–3, 6–4, 6–1?
Which Outcome has a Score of 6–4, 6–4, 6–2?
Which Tournament has a Score of 1–6, 0–6?
Who is the opponent of the 3:00 time?
What was the score of the game with Nathalie Tauziat as a partner?
What type of surface was used for the game played on September 20, 1993?
What was the score of the game that was played on a grass surface?
What was the date of the game that was played against Laura Golarsa?
What is the total rank of the celebrity with a 34.66 average and a season greater than 1?
What is the highest average of celebrity Natalia Lesz, who is ranked greater than 4?
Who is the professional partner of celebrity małgorzata foremniak with a season less than 7, an average greater than 34.66, and a rank less than 10?
What is the primary language used in the film title Nynke?
For the film made in 1964: (37th), what was the result?
What is the nomination title used for the original film, Monsieur Hawarden?
What is the nomination title used for the original film, Zwartboek?
What is the primary language used in the film, Black Book?
What is the average agricultural panel value with a Labour panel less than 1, a total value less than 21, and a National University of Ireland value greater than 0?
What is the highest administrative panel value with an agricultural panel less than 1 and a labour panel value less than 5?
What is the highest labour panel value with a cultural and educational panel greater than 1, a University of Dublin value greater than 0, and a total value less than 60?
What is the total University of Dublin value with a labour panel greater than 11?
What is the sum of the cultural and educational panel value with an administrative panel of 0 and an agricultural panel value less than 0?
What is the highest 2012 immigration for a country with an immigration of 81,094 in 2011?
What is the Gauge of Locomotive G534 Owned by Aurizon which has a Status of Operational?
Which Locomotive Entered Service in November 1984 and has an Operator of Southern Shorthaul Railroad?
What is the Serial number of the Locomotive that Entered Service in November 1984 and has an Owner of Chicago Freight Car Leasing Australia?
What is the Serial Number of the Locomotive that Entered Service October 1989?
What is the 2011 value with a 2008 value of 0.3 and is a member state of the European Union?
What is the 2012 value with a 1.3 in 2010 and a 3.6 in 2008?
What is the sum of Yellow, when Category is Bugre (Indian), and when Amerindian is less than 50,00?
What kind of  IATA has an Airport of hamburg airport?
Which Country that has a IATA of bal?
Which Country has a IATA of vie?
WHich Country has a ICAO of ltcd?
Which Airport has a IATA of erz?
What kind of IATA that has a Airport of berlin schönefeld airport?
Who provided lyrics or music to the artist Cube?
What was the aircraft damage for the Boeing 707-320B?
What was the number of fatalities for the Viscount 700?
What was the aircraft damage for the accident that had fatalities of 30/30?
What was the location that had an accident by the F-27-600RF aircraft with tail number 6O-SAZ?
What was the tail number of the aircraft that had 5/30 fatalities?
What was the location of the accident that led to 50/50 fatalities?
What % has 4 RLng?
What team had a Ravg of 3.4?
What is the int percentage that has Ravg of 2.8?
Who is the R1st that has 36 RYds?
What was the Ravg for 2003?
What was the rate for 73 RYds?
What is the name of the non-mammal from brazil of the unit of caturrita formation?
What is the name of the non-mammal who has tatarinov as the author?
What is the unit of the non-mammal from greenland?
Who is the author for the malasaurus?
What is the name of the non mammal of the unit vyazniki assemblage?
Who are the authors for the malasaurus of the vyazniki assemblage?
What is the lowest Rank with more than 0 bronze, 8 silver, and a total of 19, with less than 9 gold?
What is the sum for gold when there is more than 17 silver and more than 24 bronze?
What is the sum of Bronze when the rank is 7, and the total is more than 22?
What is the sum of rank when silver is 1, and gold is less than 7, and bronze is 2?
Who was the Conductor of the Three Pintos (Die Drei Pintos) Production?
Who is the Conductor who had Stephen Barlow as Director?
Who was Director John Ramster's Composer?
Which Giant Slalom has a Slalom of 45?
Which Slalom has a Super G of 4?
Which champion has sentosa golf club as the tournament location?
Which county has 2011 as the year?
What is the total sum of bronze medals for the Soviet Union when there are more than 0 silver medals and more than 3 total medals?
What is the lowest rank of a nation with fewer than 3 gold medals, more than 2 bronze medals, and 0 silver medals?
For the album Board Up the House, what is the contribution?
What band has a year above 2011?
What time was the game played that had a record of 0–2–0?
What is the average weight of a player who is less than 175 centimeters tall?
What is the English name of the country that has Ramallah as its capital?
What is the English name of the country that has Doha as its capital?
What is the name of the capital, in Arabic, that is called n'djamena in English?
What is the name of the country in Arabic that has Moroni as the name of its capital in English?
When was the premiere on the TVB Jade Channel?
Who was the host of the premiere on November 10, 2007?
Which country had a premiere on July 24, 2010?
Which channel comes out of Israel?
What is the largest total when the rank is 6 and there's less than 1 gold?
What is the largest gold number when the total is less than 3, the rank is 5, and the silver is more than 1?
What is the total of silver when gold is less than 0?
Which team was the visitor when Milt Palacio (15) was the leading scorer?
What is the home of the team with Carlos Boozer (27) as the leading scorer?
What date was the game played with the Cavaliers at home and the Warriors visiting?
What is the sum total of all the years with a bell that weighed 857 kilograms?
What is the Enrollment for the Pilots?
What is the Enrollment for the Coyotes Founded in 1891?
What Location has a Team Nickname called the Fighting Missionaries?
The Loggers are part of what Primary Conference?
What is the Enrollment at Whitman College Founded after 1859?
What was the attendance when the opponent was virginia?
What was the date when the opponent was at South carolina?
What was the highest attendance when the result was L 6-28?
What was the earliest week the Titans played at Ford Field?
When did the Titans play the Houston Texans at LP Field before Week 13?
What is the highest average for a long less than 24, a GP-GS of 2-0, and less than 7 yards?
What is the sum for the long that has 926 yards and an avg/g less than 84.2?
What is the total number of avg/g with a long of 50, a gp-gs of 3-0, and 926 yards?
Which motorway is in brod-posavina county and has a scheduled completion in 2013?
Which built by HM Dockyard has September 1830 as the laid down?
What is the name that has July 1823 as the Laid down, and portsmouth as the built by hm dockyard?
What ordered has helena as the name?
What ordered has algerine (2nd of name) as the name?
What name has pembroke as the built by hm dockyard, and may 1825 as the laid down?
How many match values have points under 14 and 0 draws?
What is the sum of losses for teams with under 10 matches?
What is the average number of draws for teams with more than 10 matches?
What is the sum of points for teams with more than 10 matches, more than 0 draws, and 7 losses?
Which season's average was 37.5?
How many ranks had marcin mroczek as the celebrity in a season more recent than 4?
What is the highest population in 1991 in Baden Bei Wien, and a 2007 population larger than 25,284?
What is the Director for the episode titled “some lapse of time”?
What is the Airdate for the episode titled “thirteen to centaurus” Adapted by stanley miller?
What 2007 number when the million CZK shows operating revenues?
What is the lowest Year with an Album that is live love in London?
What is the U.S. Christian with a Year that is 1989?
What is the Theme when Fontella Bass was the original artist?
What is the Week # when the Beatles were the original artist and the theme was The Beatles?
What is the total number of top-25 in the Masters Tournament, which has 0 top-10 and more than 0 top-5?
What is the total top-25 of the U.S. Open, which has less than 7 cuts?
What is the lowest top-5 of the tournament with less than 1 top-10 and less than 1 top-25?
What is the highest top-25 of the tournament with less than 22 events and more than 1 top-10?
What is the average amount of appearances for the Bronze Meals less than 0?
What is the total number of 4th place that has 3 appearances for 3, and a more than 0 silver medals, and no gold medals?
How many years have HMOs been 27% and POS plans 18%?
Which conventional plan has a POS of 13%?
How many years have a conventional plan of 7%?
Which conventional plan has a POS plan of 21%?
Which HMO has a conventional plan of 3% in 2005?
How many are on the administrative panel with an agricultural panel of fewer than 11 and an industrial and commercial panel of 3, with fewer than 4 on the labor panel?
Who read the unabridged book written by Gary Paulsen?
Who read the unabridged novel written by John D. Fitzgerald?
In which week was the Theme 1960s?
When the week # is listed as Hollywood, and the Theme is N/A, what song is listed?
Which Theme has a Result of eliminated?
Which song choice was originally performed by Bonnie Tyler?
Which call sign, broadcast at less than 103.5MHz, has an ERP W of 50?
What is the frequency of the call sign licensed in Albany, New York?
Which Chart peak was Recorded on 2/19/69?
Which Chart peak has a Time of 3:11?
Which Catalogue has a Writer(s) of mark james?
Which Track has a Writer(s) of mac davis?
What is the name of the country when the television service is italia 1?
What is the HDTV when the content is general television?
What is the Country when the Content was general television, and a Television service of rai 1?
What is the Language that has sky tg 24 active as the Television service?
What was the location of the fight when Sara McMann's record was 1-0?
What was the record when there was a fight that lasted 5:00?
What is the method of resolution for the fight that had a time of 5:00 and a record of 5-0?
What's the average Week with the Result l 23–3?
With the date of October 28, 1962, and the week greater than 4, what was the lowest attendance?
What Belarusian has a status of Raion a foundation of 1514 and a 2010 population of 8100?
Which model number has an order part number of TMSMT37BQX5LD?
Which model number has an order part number of TMDML44BKX5LD?
What is the socket related to the processor released on June 22, 2005, having a frequency of 1600MHz and voltage under 1.35V?
What is the highest rank for PSV - FC Barcelona?
What rank was Peter Schmeichel?
What is the highest Super G that had an 11 Downhill and an overall less than 16?
What is the combined of the overalls less than 34?
What is the combined of the 14 Super G?
What album had the reunion label in 2006?
Who was the artist for the album, Christmas under the reunion label with the guitar?
What is the most recent year for an album listed with a piano credited?
What is Volume:Issue, when Artist is Elton John, and when Weeks on Top is 4?
What is the value in 2008-09 for the Autumn Gold event?
What is the total number of bronze medals of the nation with 4 total medals and 1 silver?
What is the sum of silver medals of the nation Cuba, which has less than 0 gold?
What is the total weight of players who play the G position for the Los Angeles D-Fenders?
What team does Bill Walker play for?
What was the lowest heat for Germany with a rank smaller than 9 for Mike Fenner and a time smaller than 13.52?
What is the lowest FA cup that has mohd faizal desa as the player, with a total greater than 0?
What is the lowest FA cup that has a league greater than 0, with a Malaysia cup greater than 5?
How many Malaysia Cups have a total less than 0?
What is the average FA cup that has a league of 0, fahmi hatta as the player, with a Malaysia cup less than 0?
How many Malaysia Cups have 0 for the total with a league greater than 0?
What is High Assists, when High Points is Keon Clark (19)?
What is Location Attendance, when High Assists is Alvin Williams (9)?
What is High Points, when Location Attendance is Staples Center 18,964?
What is High Points, when Team is @ Phoenix?
What name has 100 w. pender st. as the address?
How many floors have 207 w. hastings st. as the address?
What is the height m/ft where 207 w. hastings st. is the address?
What is the completed list entry number more than 1356460?
Which type has a list entry number more than 1356436, named Albion Congregational Church?
What is the entry number on the list for Fairfield Moravian Church?
What was the Average Attendance during the Year in which there were 9 Home Games?
Before 2012, what was the greatest # of Home Games with a Canada - USA Rank of 52nd, and an Average Attendance less than 992?
After the year 2011, when the Canada - USA Rank was 46th, what was the League Rank?
What is Package/Option, when HDTV is no, when Language is Italian, and when Television service is cartello promozionale sky hd?
What is Country, when HDTV is yes, and when Content is cinema?
What is HDTV, when Television service is cartello promozionale sky hd?
What is Content, when Package/Option is sky cinema, and when Language is italian originale?
What is the Venue with an Attendance that is larger than 6,938?
What is the Date with an Opponent that is hearts?
What is the Result with a Venue that is n?
Who was the Coat of Cash Wearing Celebrity in Episode 6?
What was the air date of episode 5?
What is the largest number of races when there are less than 6 podiums, the series is the formula renault 2.0 eurocup, and there are more than 0 wins?
Who were the Opponents in the final in the match with a Score in the final of 1–6, 6–3, 2–6?
What Opponents in the final had a match in 1984 with a Score in the final of 7–6, 6–1?
How many years were they nominated for outstanding musical?
Where was the location for Arras Paul Arras?
Which royal house has the name huai?
Who has the title of marquis?
Which royal house is in the state of chu?
Which state has a king named xiang?
What's the most recent week for the day of November 5, 1978?
What's the mean week number for November 12, 1978?
What's the mean week number when attendance was 63,263?
What is the number of floors that have years under 2008 and were named Guinness Tower?
What is the sum of Year opened when steel was the material with a Span feet of 1476?
What is the sum of Year opened when the span feet is more than 1247, and the spam metres is 384?
What is average SiO 2, when Na 2 O is 7.53, and when Al 2 O 3 is less than 2.13?
What is the highest K 2 O, when Na 2 O is greater than 1.87, when Fe 2 O 3 is greater than 0.07, when Objects is Ritual Disk, and when Al 2 O 3 is less than 0.62?
What is the highest SiO 2, when K 2 O is greater than 0.16, when Fe 2 O 3 is greater than 0.16, and when Na 2 O is less than 7.53?
What is Aberdeen team's date of vacancy?
What is Motherwell Team's manner of departure?
What is the date of appointment for the team with a resigned manner of departure and replaced by Sandy Clark?
What manner of departure was Dick Advocaat replaced by?
Which amount of lost had an against of more than 22 and 9 points?
What is the total amount of points when the played number was less than 12?
What is the largest points number where the difference is 12?
What is the total number of points where there were 3 losses and a played number bigger than 12?
What was the winning score for the tournament where Garth Mulroy was the runner-up?
Which tournament had a margin of victory of 6 strokes?
For the tournament played on 16 Jan 2011, what was the winning score?
For the tournament ending with a margin of victory of 2 strokes, who was the runner(s)-up?
What was the winning score for the tournament where Garth Mulroy was the runner-up, and the margin of victory was 1 stroke?
For the tournament ending with a margin of victory of 6 strokes, what was the winning score?
How many Drawns have a Team of aa são bento and Points larger than 1?
What is the Drawn has an Against smaller than 20 and Points of 15?
How many Against has a Drawn smaller than 1, and a Lost smaller than 5?
what is the average Against has Drawn of 2, and a Played larger than 10?
How many goals were there for Johan Cruyff when the rank's less than 3?
What is the highest against when the lost is 3 with less than 30 points?
What is the average Played when the against is 51, and the drawn is more than 1?
What is the result against Clemson?
What is the number of Games for the player in Rank 3?
With more than 69 Assists, what is Dejuan Collins' Rank?
How many Assists for the Player with 13 Games and a Rank less than 3?
What is the lowest number of uncommitted superdelegates for a state with more than 16 total and 2 for Hillary Clinton?
What Japanese prefecture has Ibaraki, Tsukuba?
What region has the symbol 八尾?
Which venue held the Euro 2012 Qualifier?
What is the Year with a Number that is larger than 34?
What is the date of the 4 strokes margin of victory?
What is the date of the 4 strokes margin of victory?
What Elite Eight had a Sweet Sixteen of 1 and a win % of .875?
What Round 32 had a # of bids smaller than 2?
What is the average year that Idris Elba was nominated for or won an award?
What actor was nominated for or won an award before 1971?
What is the mean vertical relief in feet when the rank is more than 40 and the location is va0573?
What is the mean vertical relief in feet when the Peak Name is Tower near mead wood road entrance and the elevation in feet is more than 1,410?
What is the total number of ranks when the Peak Name is Red Shirt Table?
What is the Original artist when the week number is top 9?
What is the Song choice when The Beatles were the original artist, with an order # of 4?
What is the Song choice when Elaine Paige was the Original artist?
What is the name of the Original artist when the week # is top 16 (8 men)?
What is the Result when the order is # 4, and the week # is top 12?
What score has notts county as the home team?
Average round for rodney harrison p before 145?
Highest round 5 pick from western illinois?
What is the 2011 when the 2010 shows grand slam tournaments?
What is the 2011 when the 2007 is a, and the 2012 is sf?
What is the 2011 when the 2010 is 8–4?
What is the 2007 when the 2010 is 3r?
What is the 2010 when the 2009 is 1r, and a 2008 is 1r?
What is the 2011 when the Tournament was the grand slam tournaments?
Which Height (cm) has a Position of d, and a Name of jeff hymanson?
Which Name has a Height (cm) of 175 and a Birthplace of detroit, michigan
Which Position has a Name of john taft?
What was the To par when the Score was 67-68=135?
From what Country is player K. J. Choi with a Score of 68-71=139?
What Country Scored 66-69=135?
Can you tell me the highest Cargo traffic that has the Airport of barcelona airport, and the Aircraft movements smaller than 290,004?
What place is in Australia with 9 or more holes?
How many holes does Player Vijay Singh have?
How many holes does Player Vijay Singh have?
On what frequency does W233AG broadcast?
What position did Garion Weller hold in 2012?
Who held the same position in 2014 that Jarrah Rubinstein held in 2013?
Who held the Male Sports Rep position in 2011?
Who held the Communications Rep position in 2011?
Who held the same position in 2014 that Garion Weller held in 2014?
Who held the same position in 2014 that Danielle Button held in 2013?
At what Location was the match against Opponent of Mostapha Al-Turk lasting less than 2 Rounds?
At what Location was the match Method TKO (punches)?
Who was the opponent of the Bye result?
Who is the opponent in week 10?
How many people attended the game played with the New England Patriots as opponents?
What was the top place with over 24 points and more than 14 played?
What is the sum of all points for places above 8?
What is the average number played for place 2 and more than 4 lost?
What is the largest number of points for Orion with more than 4 losses?
What is the Time when the Set 2 is 25–21, on 29 may?
What is the Set 3 when the Set 2 is 21–25, and a Set 1 is 25–21?
What is the Total when the Set 3 is 22–25, and a Set 2 is 25–20?
What is the Set 3 on 30 may, and a Set 1 is 20–25?
What is the Date when the Set 1 is 25–21, and the Score is 3–0, and the Time is 11:00?
What is the Date when the Set 2 is 13–25?
What is the Away captain with a Venue that is old trafford?
What is the Date with a Venue that is oval?
What is the Highest Points for Team Adet where the Draw is less than 6?
What is the highest games Played where the Place is 10 and Points are less than 17?
What is the average for games Lost where the Points are 25 and games Played are more than 18?
What is the average for Draw games where Played games is more than 18?
What is the largest byes with lost games of 4 and Ballarat FL of Melton and the against less than 1819?
How many total wins does Ballarat FL of East point have when the against is greater than 1000?
How many total losses does the team have with an against of 2195 and the draws were greater than 0?
What is the value in 2009 corresponding to Career Statistics in 2003?
What is the value in 2006 when Career Statistics is in Career W-L?
What is the value for Career W-L for the Grand Slam Tournaments?
What is the value in 2008 when the value for Tournament is year?
What is the value in 2006 when the value for 2009 is 0 with runner-ups for tournament?
What is the value for 2005 when A is 2009 and 2000?
What Opponent in the final had a Partner of Gastón Etlis?
What is the earliest Date David Adams played on a Clay Surface with Brett Steven as Partner?
Who was David Adams partner on the match played on Clay Surface with a Score in the final of 6–3, 6–7 (5–7) , 7–6 (7–5)?
Who were the Opponents when Liga Dekmeijere had Alicja Rosolska as a Partner?
What was the Outcome of the match played on Hard (i) Surface?
What was the Outcome of the match with Partner Kateryna Bondarenko?
What is the Song choice with a Theme that is 1960s?
Can you tell me the Co-driver that has the Year smaller than 2012, and the Laps smaller than 161, and the Position of dnf, and the Number 33?
Can you tell me the total number of Laps that has the Team of wps racing?
How many people live where there are 118% of people have phones?
What percent of the population has phone in Russia?
What percent is 327,577,529 people with phones in June 2013?
How many mobile phones were there as of April 2013?
How many silver medals were awarded to the Nation with less than 2 gold, more than 6 bronze and a rank higher than 5?
How many gold medals were awarded to teams ranked higher than 19?
What is the highest amount of gold medals awarded to a team with more than 9 silver, 7 bronze and more than 13 medals total?
What is the lowest Muslim (% of Total population) of a year after 2011?
What shows for 1997 when 1987 is 2r?
What shows for 1993 when 1991 is grand slams?
What shows for 1987 when 1995 shows 1r, 1986 is a, and 1998 is sf?
Which away game was played on 2008-07-18?
What away game had a time of 10:00?
What time was the away game played against the High Park Demons?
Where was the game played the ended with a score of 62-69?
When did the team play an away game against the Toronto Eagles?
What is the League a for 1908–1928?
What years have a total of 395 (0)?
What is the League Cup for 1947–1958?
What is the Total for 1926–1938?
What is the Total for 1953–1964?
Which final score had a surface of hard (i) on October 22, 2000?
Which tournament had an outcome of winner, a hard surface, and happened on August 26, 2006?
Which date had the final opponent of Iva Majoli?
On September 30, 1979, in a week before week 8, what was the result?
What was the average attendance in week 2?
What is the sum of tonnage with a time at 00:10 and less than 42 casualties?
Which Opponent had a Win as Res and a Time of 1:10?
How many games that ended in a draw were played by a team with more than 15 total games?
How many pages does the edition with a volume # smaller than 8 and an ISBM of 1-40122-892-5 have?
What is the title of the edition with more than 128 pages and a volume # of 5?
How many pages does the ISBN 1-40122-328-1 have?
What position has a height (cm) greater than 180, and brian lawton as the name?
What is the lowest jersey # that has evergreen park, illinois as the birthplace, with a weight (km) greater than 86?
How many lost stats have a played number of less than 8?
What is the largest lost stat when the difference is - 19?
How many positions have an against of less than 27, and a played number of less than 8?
What is Muzzle energy, when Cartridge is .375 remington ultra magnum?
What is Source, when Cartridge is .375 remington ultra magnum?
What is Source, when Cartridge is .375 remington ultra magnum?
What is Muzzle energy, when Source is hornady?
What is Bullet weight, when Source is hornady?
Which Format has a Catalog of vcrdx 106?
Which Region has a Catalog of magik muzik 806-5?
Which Date has a Catalog of vcrt 106?
What pick was play Jason Webb?
Which colleges have a pick above 7?
How many teams picked Jason Webb?
What is the Total Tax Revenue that has an n.a. Stamp Duty Reserve Tax in the years 1995-96?
What was the lowest Attendance on 8 October 1986?
What was the result when Dundee were the Opponent at Venue A on 6 September 1986?
What position did the player play who weighed less thna 91 kg and was born on March 5, 1977?
What is the total number of FA trophies of player Neil Grayson, who has more than 2 FA cups and a league greater than 17?
What is the sum of FA cups of club Stalybridge Celtic, which has more than 0 FA trophies and a total less than 20?
What is the average total of halifax town club, which has a league less than 30 and more than 3 FA cups?
What was the score of the match against roger federer on April 3, 2006?
What was the outcome of the match against andy roddick?
What average week has october 8, 1950 as the date?
How many weeks have pittsburgh steelers as the opponent?
How many weeks have l 3-17 as the result?
What attendance has Washington redskins as the opponent?
Which Model number has a Frequency of 2000mhz and a Voltage of 0.75-1.2?
Which Multi 1 has a Frequency of 2300mhz, and a Release date of q3 2008 and a Model number of turion x2 ultra zm-84?
What kind of Voltage has a Frequency of 2000mhz, and a Release date in q3 2008?
WHat kind of L2 cache has a Model number of turion x2 ultra zm-85?
Which Socket has a Frequency of 2200mhz, and a Release date on june 4, 2008?
What kind of Socket has a Order part number of tmrm72dam22gg?
What is the Birthdate of raymond bonney?
What is the Team for the player born in northfield, minnesota?
What is the Position of the person with a birthplace of phoenix, new york?
What is the Name when the team is the st. paul a.c., with a Birthdate of 3 august 1890?
What is the Position of moose goheen?
What is the Birthdate of leon tuck?
During the Tournament in which Jiří Novák was absent(A) in 1995, absent(A) in 1997, and made it to the 3rd round (3R) in 2003, how did he do in 2006?
In the Tennis Masters Cup, how did Jiří Novák do in 1997?
In the Hamburg Masters Tournament, during which Jiří Novák was absent(A) in 1996, how did he do in 2003?
In the Tournament during which Jiří Novák was absent(A) in 2004, how did he do in 2003?
In the Tournament during which Jiří Novák made it to the 1st round(1R) in 1995, how did he do in 2001?
During the Hamburg Masters Tournament, during which Jiří Novák was absent(A) in 1998, how did he do in 1997?
What is the sum of all from the Cultural and Educational Panel with less than 7 from the Labour Panel and less than 1 from the Agricultural Panel?
What is the Away team when the FootyTAB winner was st. george?
What is the Home team when the away team was Manly?
What is the Match score when the FootyTAB winner was norths?
What is the Away team when the match score was norths 19 manly 4?
What is the "Pick The Winners" score when the Match score was illawarra 19 souths 0?
Which player has a FG Pct less than 45.9, a def reb less than 43, and a total reb of 9?
How many Games has a Name of stéphane dumas and a Rank larger than 5?
How many Games has a Team of cai zaragoza and a Rank smaller than 1?
What was the most total medals awarded to Poland?
How many people attended the game on December 20, 1964?
On what date did the Lions play against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers?
What was the date of the game against the New York Jets?
What is the Attendance with a Date that is october 31, 1965?
What is the Attendance with a Date that is november 25, 1965?
What is the lowest geohash length when the lat bits are less than 7, and the km error of ±2500?
What is the highest geohash length when the lat error is ±0.00068, and the lat bits larger than 17?
What is the highest geohash length when there is a ng error of ±0.00017, and a lng bits smaller than 20?
Which Against has a Drawn smaller than 5, a Lost of 3, and a Position of 3?
Which Against has a Position larger than 8, and Points larger than 9?
Which Lost has Points smaller than 12, and a Drawn larger than 1?
Which Position has a Difference of 5, and a Drawn smaller than 3?
Which Against has a Position larger than 11?
Which Player has a Nationality of united states, a Position of forward, and a School/Club Team of notre dame?
Which Nationality has a School/Club Team of louisiana state?
Which Years in Orlando has a Position of center, and a School/Club Team of louisiana state?
Which Position has a School/Club Team of illinois?
Which Years in Orlando has a Nationality of united states, and a School/Club Team of illinois?
Which Player has a Position of forward, and a School/Club Team of georgia tech?
What is the total number of silver with rank number 6?
What is the smallest total from Japan with a rank larger than 3?
What is the largest number of silver that had 0 bronzes and total less than 1?
What is the smallest number of points for a match less than 12?
What is the mean number of languages for the monthly frequency when the publisher is the hearst corporation?
What is the Political group for p. maelius capitolinus?
What is the Type for l. publilius philo vulscus?
What is the Type for l. publilius philo vulscus?
What was the title of the episode with a production code of 1gowo04?
What is the production code fore the episode titled, life's no fun anymore?
What is the nationality of the player that plays forward and is from depaul?
What years did Orlando have stanley roberts on the team?
How many points total are there later than 2003?
Which entrant has a Dallara F398 chassis?
What are the lowest points for an engine with a Dallara F303 chassis?
What are the lowest points in 2004?
What is Attendance, when Week is 5?
What is the label for the catalog of none, and is in the United Kingdom?
What is the region for the date November 18, 2002?
What is the date for the Nebula Label, and a nebdjx029 catalog?
What is the label from the Netherlands?
What was the Christ made king date with a great tribulation in 1925?
What is the resurrection of 144,000 date with a Christ made king date in 1914, a separting sheep & goats date during Christ's presence, and a judgment of religion date in 1878?
What is the lowest Cuts made with less than 72.48 scoring average?
What is the sum of Events played when the cuts made is less than 0?
What is the Scoring rank when there are less than 21 events played with a rank of n/a in years less than 2011?
What is the total number of Wins when 98 is the rank and the scoring average is more than 73.52?
What Title's Start of Reign is 1993?
What is the Birth Name of the Archbishop with a Current End of Reign?
What is Angelarios Angelarij with a Start of Reign date before 1986 Birth Name?
How many goals that were scored had a place of more than 5, a lost of 11, and goals conceded of less than 45?
What is the mean played number where the goals conceded is less than 16?
What is the 1913 Class of the d32 LNER Class?
What was the attendance at the Denver game?
What was Matthew Hoggard's high score when he had a strike rate of n/a?
What is the lowest Weight when the height is 196, and the date of birth is 24.07.1977?
What is the sum of Spike when the Weight was more than 84, and Block was less than 315?
What was the result of the 2012 Waff Women's Futsal Championship game the team played against Iraq?
What was the result of the game played on May 9, 2012?
What is the result of the game played in Russia on May 9, 2012?
What is the final result of the game that was played on October 8, 2000?
Who was the opponent in the game played after Week 4 on October 15, 2000?
Where was the game played when the Buffalo Bills had a record of 8-8?
Who was the opponent the Buffalo Bills played when their record was 4-4?
What is the highest week for Cleveland Browns with 54,205 in attendance?
What date was the opponents the Oakland Raiders?
What was the total attendance October 22, 1972?
What is the highest heat for Ihor Bodrov when the mark is 6.76 and the lane is less than 1?
What is the mark number when the lane for Rabangaki Nawai when it is greater than 2 and the heat is larger than 4?
What is the total lane number for the United States when the mark is 6.62 and the heat is greater than 8?
WHich in 2010–11 has an Event of autumn gold?
Which nation has a bronze greater than 0, a gold greater than 0, a silver greater than 0, and 5 as the rank?
What nation has 1 as the gold and 2 as the total?
What rank has 0 as the bronze, and a total less than 3, with north korea as the nation?
How many golds have a bronze less than 1, and a silver less than 1?
What average total has cuba as the nation, and a bronze greater than 1?
What is the highest total that has a bronze greater than 1, a gold greater than 1, with a silver less than 4?
Where was the birthplace of the person born on March 21, 1979?
What is Scott Gomez's biggest weight?
What number pick was Paul Seymour in round 1?
In how many rounds did USC participate in?
What set 2 has 15:33 as the time?
Where did they play against Clemson?
What was the total attendance on 10/05/1974?
What is the total number of Height(s), when Spike is less than 352, when Block is greater than 300, and when Name is Pablo Meana?
What is the total number of Weight(s), when Block is 300?
What is the smallest Weight, when Spike is less than 330, when Block is 315, and when Height is greater than 187?
What is the average Spike, when Name is Gustavo Porporatto, and when Block is greater than 323?
What is the Match with Points that are 24?
What is the Team 2 with a Team 1 that is milli piyango sk?
What is the Team 1 with a Team 2 with brest hc meshkov?
What is the position number when there were 29 points, and less than 2 is lost?
What is the lowest Points with an against of 20 and less than 1 lost?
What is the sum of Points when the against is less than 24 and played is less than 20?
What region is dated April 30, 2004, and cataloged Nebdj058?
What s the format for the catalog nebcd058?
What region has the catalog sir021-6?
What label has the catalog nebt058?
What is the game number when the score was l 90–104 (ot)?
What is the Score of the game with a Record of 12–12?
What is the Score for the Game less than 21, and of antonio davis (12)had the High rebounds?
What is the Record when antonio davis (14) had the high rebounds?
What was the team when vince carter (19) had the high points?
What is the number for gold where there were total 1, and bronze 1?
Which player had a total of 152?
Which player won the Masters in 1976?
What was the total of the player from Spain?
Which player won in 1987 and ended with a score of +9?
What's the name of the award given to Team number 23?
What is Volume:Issue, when Weeks on Top is less than 5, and when Issue Date(s) are 10 July - 24 July?
Which text has traditional characters of 心如猨猴?
Which text has simplified characters of 心猿 … 意马?
Which text has Wade-Giles translation of ai-ma … hsin-yüan?
What is the Pinyin translation of the Wade-Giles of hsin-yüan-i-ma?
What is the Wade-Giles translation of the Pinyin xīn rú yuánhóu?
Which text has a date of c. 1180?
What is the fewest number of silvers have 0 golds?
What is the smallest total that has 11 golds and bronzes over 2?
What is the total having a bronze value over 1, silver under 5, and ranked 9?
When did the Chargers play the Denver Broncos before Week 10?
What is the sum of Bronze when the rank is more than 11 and gold is less than 0?
What is the total number of Total when Germany is the nation with less than 1 silver?
What is the average Total that has a Gold of 0, when the rank is less than 16, the nation is Georgia and there is more than 2 for Bronze?
What is the highest Total when Georgia is the nation with less than 11 rank?
What is the total number of Total with more than 16 rank for the nation of Romania with more than 0 for silver?
What type of video coding has a format name of dvcam?
What format name has dv as video coding and 4:1:1 as the color sampling?
What bit depth has 4:1:1 as the color sampling?
What frame size has pcm 4 ch/16 bit/48khz as audio coding and dvcam as the format name and 4:1:1 as the color sampling?
Where was the landing site when the duration on the lunar surface was 21:31?
Who were the crew for the Falcon?
What is the average number of EVA for the Orion?
What is the highest Year, when Rank is less than 28, and when Accolade is "The 100 greatest metal albums of the decade"?
What is Accolade, when Year is less than 2009, and when Country is Germany?
What is the highest Rank, when Publication is Dagsavisen, and when Year is less than 2005?
When has a Score of 0–0, and a Away team of scunthorpe united?
Which Tie has a Score of 5–1?
Which Home team that has a Tie no of 20?
Which Home has a Tie no of 6?
Which Away team that has a Tie no of replay, and a Score of 1–2?
Which Score has a Away team of walthamstow avenue?
How many gp-gs have 121.70 as an effic and an avg/g less than 218.7?
What is the lowest gp-gs that has an avg/g less than 234.3, with 410.80 as the effic?
What is the last 10 meetings that have slu, 9-8 as the overall record?
What is the last 5 meetings that has w 5 as the current streak, and 3/18/2010 as the last meeting?
What is the last 10 meetings that have 12 as the games played?
What is the last 10 meetings that have 11/26/1988 as the lasr meeting?
What kansas vs. that has w 2 as the current streak, and 31 as games played?
What is the sum of the attendance during the game against the philadelphia eagles after week 9?
What is the total number of fans attending the game on October 8, 1989 before week 5?
What is the qualities of the sign cancer?
What is the south season of the scorpio sign, which has cold & wet qualities?
What is the average Prize fund ( US$ ), when OWGR pts is greater than 20, and when Dates is Nov 6-9?
What is Winner, when Dates is Dec 11-14?
What is the lowest number of games with a rank less than 1?
What is the name of the player with 305 points?
What is the total rank of team roanne, which has less than 14 games?
What is the lowest of  Episode Number that has a Air Date on 20 july 2007?
What kind of Guest Host has a Episode Number of 7?
What kind of Episode Number has a Air Date on 29 june 2007?
What kind of Guest Host has a Episode Number of 7?
WHich Coat of Cash" Wearing Celebrity has a Episode Number larger than 1 and with amy macdonald ( mr rock & roll )?
What is the highest bronze when the silver was 3 and the total was larger than 5?
What is the highest bronze when the silver was 0, the gold was larger than 0, and the total was larger than 2?
What is the lowest silver for France with a rank less than 5 and a total larger than 19?
How many bronze had a rank of less than 6 and a total less than 5?
Which date was the Winning Score 72-66-67-71=276?
What is the Margin of victory at the Bob Hope Desert Classic Tournament?
On what Date is the Winning Score 71-69-68-70=278?
What draw did Nigel Connell?
Who scored 57 points?
How many points did Nigel Connell have?
How many draws did gary o'shaughnessy have?
What is the Attendance with a Week that is 18?
What Attendance has a Date that is november 1, 1993?
What is the Record with a Game Site that is joe robbie stadium?
What is the sum of Silver with a Bronze that is larger than 0 with a Gold smaller than 0?
What is the average Silver with a Total that is smaller than 1?
What is the lowest Rank with a Nation that is east germany?
What is the total number of Established for soccer plated in kuntz stadium?
What is the Club that has an Established more than 2000 for soccer plated in kuntz stadium?
What is the highest Established for the kuntz stadium?
What is the highest number of titles won by the Järve club before 2013?
What is the total number of losses against the Rajasthan Royals with more than 0 ties?
What is the average number of losses when there are more than 0 ties?
Which Location has a result of L 31-52?
What is the mean number of goals when the rank's less than 8 and there are 261 matches?
Which years had a rank of more than 6 and involved Oleksandr Kosyrin?
What is the Date when the label was alfa records, and a Catalog of alca-487?
What is the Format when Alfa records is the label, and there is a Catalog of alca-9016?
What is the Region with a Catalog of alca-487?
What is the Catalog when the format is ed remaster cd, and a Label of village records, and a Date of march 13, 2002?
What is the Format for the alca-487 catalog?
What is the Format for the alfa records Label, and a Catalog of alca-9016?
Which Rank has a Total of 1 and a Bronze larger than 0?
What kind of Silver has a Nation of norway and a Gold smaller than 3?
Which Silver has a Total smaller than 2 and a Rank larger than 8
What kind of Rank has a Bronze of 0 and a Total smaller than 3 and a Nation of austria?
What final score was there on October 8, 2006?
Which final opponent's surface was hard (i) and participated on October 9, 2005?
Who was the opponent at the game with a result of W 13–12?
What was the date of the game against the Chicago Bears?
Which Entrant had the Bugatti T35B Chassis and the Driver, Heinrich-Joachim Von Morgen?
What was the Engine, when the Chassis was Bugatti T51, and when the Entrant was a Private Entry?
Who was the Driver, when the Chassis was Bugatti T51, and when the Entrant was Automobiles Ettore Bugatti?
Who was the Driver, when the Engine was 7.1 l6, and when the Chassis was Mercedes-Benz SSK l?
Can you tell me the sum of Draws that has the Against larger than 1106, and the Wins larger than 13?
Can you tell me the lowest Wins that has the Ballarat FL of daylesford, and the Byes smaller than 1?
Can you tell me the highest Against that has the Losses larger than 9, and the Byes of 2, and the Draws larger than 0?
Can you tell me the sum of Draws that had the Wins smaller than 3, and the Byes larger than 2?
Which Yards has a Long smaller than 3?
What is Regulator, when Conduct of Litigation is Yes, and when Probate Activities is Yes?
What is Reserved Instruments, when Conduct of Litigation is Yes, and when Probate Activities is No?
What is Administration of Oaths, when Rights of Audience is Yes, and when Reserved Instruments is Yes?
What is Reserved Instruments, when Conduct of Litigation is Yes, and when Probate Activities is Yes?
What is Probate Activities, when Reserved Instruments is No, and when Regulator is Chartered Institute of Legal Executives?
What is Probate Activities, when Notarial Activities is No, when Conduct of Litigation is Yes, and when Regulator is Association of Law Costs Draftsmen?
What is the highest attendance for the game after week 1 against the New York Jets?
What is the average of player Matthew Elliott (vic)?
How many runs were ranked 4?
Which formula has a refractive index 589.3 at 1.97?
What is Country of Origin, when Type is Disposable, when Primary Cartridge is 105mm, and when Year of Intro is less than 2008?
What is Country of Origin, when Year of Intro is 1977?
What is Country of Origin, when Year of Intro is greater than 1985, and when Primary Cartridge is 125mm?
What is the total number of Year of Intro(s), when Country of Origin is Soviet Union, when Type is Reusable, when Primary Cartridge is 40mm, and when Name/ Designation is RPG-29?
Who was at Home at the Bucharest Venue with a Score of 9-9?
What date were Romania at Home at the Bucharest Venue with a Score of 13-19?
Who was at Home when the Score was 13-19?
What draw average has a televote less than 633 and Vilma Voroblevaitė as artist and the place is greater than 14?
Artist Justinas Lapatinskas with a draw of greater than 9 got what as the highest televote?
What is the total of televote for the artist Pokeris when the place was less than 10?
With a draw greater than 11 and the place smaller than 4 what was the televote?
What was the aggregate total for the match against Koper?
What Canadian Championship had CONCACAF Champions League of semifinals?
Which regular season had the playoffs of 0 mls cups?
What was the score with a goal of 16?
What is the highest Super G, when Season is later than 1996?
What is Combined, when Super G is less than 10, and when Overall is less than 4?
What is the highest Season, when Super G is 19?
What outlet has and in-state area of 055 1,497km 2 578mi 2?
What is the total area of the Arkansas River outlet with a % in-state of a021 100%?
With an outlet of Colorado River and a % instate of a038 84.8% what is in-state area?
What is the in-state area with an outlet of South Platte River and Big Thompson river as the basin?
With an in-state area of 053 1,654km 2 639mi 2, what is the total area?
What is the name of the basin with an in-state area of 071 238km 2 92mi 2?
What was the transfer fee for the player ending in 2011 and moving from Thrasyvoulos?
What was the transfer fee for the player moving in the winter window and ending in a year after 2010?
Can you tell me the lowest Week that has the Attendance smaller than 34,336?
Who was the opponents in the final that was played on April 16, 2006 and the outcome was runner-up?
Who were the opponents in the final when the game was played on hard surface and the score of the final was 6–1, 1–6, 7–6(4)?
Which date's margin of victory was 3 and 2?
What is the to par when the winning score was 67-68-70-66=271?
What is the to par when the tournament involved was the Transitions Championship?
On what date was the Transitions Championship?
Who was the runner-up on Jul 14, 1968?
What is the winning score of the tournament with Charles Coody as the runner-up?
What is the 2011 value of the French Open, which has a 2006 value of A?
What is the tournament with a 2006 value of A and a 2011 value of 1r?
What is the 2007 value of the US Open?
What is the tournament with a 2006 value of A and a 2011 value of 3r?
What Catalog was released in Germany?
What Region was the Catalog magik muzik 805-5 released in?
What is the total number of Dates during which the Catalog nebbc003 was given?
What is the highest Population per km² (2009) that is in western province, with an Area (km²) larger than 5,475?
What is the lowest Population per km² (2009) that has a Solomon Islands province, with an Area (km²) smaller than 28,400?
What Team was in 2005?
Before 2008, if the Manufacturer is dodge and the start is under 9, what's the highest finish time?
When the team is penske and they start under 9, what's the average finish time?
What is the sum of Gold, when Total is greater than 2, when Bronze is greater than 1, and when Silver is less than 1?
What is the sum of Gold, when Total is less than 1?
What is the average Total, when Gold is 0, and when Nation is Iran?
What is the sum of Total, when Nation is West Germany, and when Gold is greater than 2?
What is the average Total, when Gold is less than 0?
What is the content of the Television service of Vesti?
Which Television service has a Content of general television?
Which Administrative district has a Pre-1009 province of gwannae -do and a Post-1009 province of seohae -do?
What kind of Modern equivalent that has a Pre-1009 province of sakbang -do, and a Province of Silla of sakju?
What kind of Modern equivalent has a Post-1009 province of gyeongsang -do, and a Administrative district of jinju -mok, and a Province of Silla of gangju?
WHat kind of Province of Silla has a Modern equivalent of pyeongan?
Which Pre-1009 province has a Post-1009 province of donggye?
WHich Province of Silla has a Modern equivalent of south jeolla, and a Administrative district of seungju?
What was the lowest year that a player from midfield won first team honors?
What is the date of the munich, germany tournament?
What tournament is on October 27, 2003?
Who is the opponent in the final of the tournament on May 22, 2006?
What is the surface of the tournament with david nalbandian as the opponent in the final?
Who was the player from the United States with a score of 70-70-71=211?
What place was Dave Stockton when he had a to par of +1?
Who had a to par of +2 and a score of 78-69-68=215?
What was Tom Kite's to par?
What was the score of T3 place?
Leading scorer during the game of 68-79?
Who is the runner-up from Milwaukee?
What was the oil pattern for runner-up Pete Weber?
What city was the Dick Weber Open in?
What city had the chameleon oil pattern at the Go RV'ing Classic?
What notes are for years earlier than 2010?
What competition took place in a year later than 2009 with team notes?
What was the position in 2010 with team notes?
What is the lowest Year, when Tournament is "Beijing"?
What is Winner, when Year is 2013?
What is Round, when Tournament is "Paris"?
What is Round, when Winner is "Ivanovic", when Year is less than 2008, and when Tournament is "Paris"?
What is Score, when Year is before 2007, and when Tournament is "Sydney"?
What is the lowest crowd of the west coast home team?
What is the ground of the Geelong Away team?
What team has more than 49 laps and a grid of 8?
What is the grid sum with more than 50 laps?
What's the track for 1978?
What's the track for 1982?
What was the highest long with less than 7 losses and an Avg/G smaller than 25.1?
What was Rock Cartwright's highest long with more than 11 losses?
What is the Company Name, when the Accreditation Level is Joyn Hot Fixes, and when the Accreditation Status is Approved (Awarded 17.05.13)?
What is the Accreditation Type, when the Accreditation Level is Joyn, and when the Hardware Model is Nokia 700?
What is the Accreditation Status, when the Product Name is LG RCS-e Client?
What is the Company Name, when the Accreditation Status is Approved (Valid Until 03.07.13)?
What is the Accreditation Level, when the Hardware Model is GT-I9100?
What is the Product Name, when the Company Name is HTC Corporation?
What was the most recent year the venue was Barcelona, Spain?
Wat was the result for the 20 km after 2008 when the venue was Metz, France?
What is the date of the match with sheffield wednesday as the away team?
what is the swimsuit score when the interview score is 8.626 (5)?
what is the swimsuit score when the semifinal average score is 8.367 (10)?
what is the preliminary average score when the evening gown score is 8.774 (6)?
what is the preliminary average score when the interview score is 8.600 (6)?
what is the swimsuit score when evening gown score is 9.165 (3)?
what is the interview score when the preliminary average is 8.529 (6)?
What is the average wins with 5 cuts and 1 in the top-10?
What is the sum of top-10 values for the Open Championship and less than 3 in the top-25?
What is the smallest number of events with 24 cuts and less than 11 in the top-25?
What is the largest number of events with the Masters Tournament and less than 4 in the top-25?
What was the record of the game played on November 7?
What was the game number of the game played against Charlotte?
What venue held the 1966 fifa world cup qualification on may 7, 1965?
What was the result for the 1966 fifa world cup qualification in mexico city, mexico and a goal over 8?
When was the venue mexico city, mexico with a goal of 8?
In what place was the golfer that had a score of 69?
What was T3 player Lee Janzen's score?
What is the lowest number of participants in 2013 when there were more than 5 participants in 2010, less than 4 participants in 2012 and country was germany?
What is the average number of participants in 2012 when there were less than 8 in 2013 and 7 in 2011?
What is the lowest number of participants in 2012 when there were 72 in 2010 and less than 56 in 2013?
What is the sum of participants in 2013 for Russia when there were 5 in 2010 and less than 4 in 2012?
What is the lowest number of participants in 2010 when there were 0 participants in 2012?
What was the game result on November 29, 1959?
What was the result for the game against the Pittsburgh Steelers?
What is VFB Stuttgart II Team's Stadiuim?
What is the Capacity of Ernst-Abbe-Sportfeld?
What is the Capacity of the Rainer Kraft's Stadium?
When did the Visiting San Antonio Spurs score 97-113?
When did the Houston Rockets play Home?
WHAT RANK DOES LEONARD NIMOY HAVE?
WHAT IS THE RANK OF MARTIN BREST?
WHAT IS THE STUDIO WITH A GROSS $81,198,894?
WHAT IS THE GROSS DOLLARS WITH A RANK OF 7 OR MORE, AND DIRECTOR BARRY LEVINSON?
WHAT IS THE GROSS WITH A DIRECTOR OF RICHARD TUGGLE?
Can you tell me the Score that has the Country of united states, and the Place of t2, and the Player of tom watson?
Which Species has a Length (bp/aa) of 1154bp/358aa?
What NCBI Accession Number (mRNA/Protein) has a Protein Identity of 69%?
What is the NCBI Accession Number (mRNA/Protein) for the homo sapiens Species?
What is the NCBI Accession Number (mRNA/Protein) for the mus musculus Species?
What was the winning score when the runner-up was Neal Briggs?
What day was the winning score –16 (67-70-69-66=272)?
Who was the runner-up with the margin of victory of 8 strokes?
For which tournament was Anthony Wall the runner-up?
For which tournament was the margin of victory 7 strokes?
WHAT IS THE PLACE THAT HAS SCORE OF 65 OR BETTER, FOR ROCCO MEDIATE?
WHAT IS THE PLAYER WITH A SCORE OF 66?
WHAT IS THE PLAYER WITH T7 PLACE, FOR ENGLAND?
What is the number of cups when the other was more than 3, the league more than 3, for Lauri Dalla Valle, and a Total more than 21?
What is the number for other when Adam Pepper is the player with a total more than 7?
What is the highest losses for more than 11 wins, a goal difference greater than 5, a 3 position, and more than 3 draws?
What is the average points with less than 30 played?
What is the lowest amount of draws club ud lérida, which has less than 41 goals, has?
What is the total amount of points for a position less than 7, 68 goals for, and less than 30 played?
What is teh average amount of goals for club real avilés cf, which has more than 59 goals against and a -10 goal difference?
What is the average goal difference of club cultural leonesa, which has more than 27 points and less than 9 losses?
For the game played on November 29, who had the highest rebounds?
WHAT TEAM WAS AN NCAA CHAMPION?
When the champion was Gay Brewer Category:Articles with hCards what was the total score?
What was the To Par [a] when Charles Coody Category:Articles with hCards was champion and the year was earlier than 1973?
When the United States had a total score of 274 what was the average year?
What is 1st Leg, when Team 1 is "Makedonija"?
What's the record for home team ottawa senators on march 6?
What's the score on february 18 when the visitors are the montreal canadiens?
Which fleet was named Orenburg?
Which Player has a Rank of t12, and a Country of taiwan, and a Lifespan of 1963–?
Which Country has a Player of arjun atwal?
Which Wins have a Winning span of 2000–2010?
WHAT WAS THE PICK NUMBER FOR BRANDON RUSH?
WHAT IS THE HIGHEST ROUND FOR MIKE TAYLOR, WITH PICK HIGHER THAN 55?
WHAT POSITION HAS A PICK SMALLER THAN 33, AND PLAYER BEING DARRELL ARTHUR?
What was the finish of the player who had a total of 282?
What years did Lou Graham win in?
How many floors did the tallest building in Aston have?
What is the name of the building at the Jewellery quarter?
What is the name of the building at Aston?
How many floors did the building at the Jewellery quarter have?
What is Season, when Lead is "Michael Goodfellow"?
What is Season, when Third is "Glen Muirhead"?
What home team has an n/a attendance?
What's the sum of the points when attendance is 8,000 on february 22?
Can you tell me the total number of 100s that has the Balls larger than 325, and the Runs smaller than 572?
Can you tell me the sum of 100s that has the Matches of 12, and the Strike Rate smaller than 144.81?
Can you tell me the sum of 100s that has the Team of deccan chargers, and the Match of 8, and the Average larger than 35.57?
Can you tell me the total number of Matched that has the Strike Rate smallet than 152.3, and the Balls of 395?
On what date did Jesse Levine play on a hard surface?
Name the Venue which has a Losing Team of newcastle knights?
WHich Losing Team has a Venue of sydney football stadium, and a Total larger than 80, and a Winning Team of tigers?
Which Score has a Losing Team of sydney roosters, and a Total of 88?
What was the TV Time for opponent jacksonville jaguars?
What was the tv time on december 6, 1998?
How many weeks has the opponent been san francisco 49ers?
What college did the player drafted after round 2 before pick 160 attend?
What round was jerry corcoran drafted in as pick number 114?
What is the nationality of the round 4 draft selection who played college ball at oklahoma?
Who was the highest drafted player that attended college at Virginia?
What round was northeastern college player Reggie Lewis drafted in?
What Away Competition had a Result of lost 2-4?
What is the Venue against the Bracknell Bees?
What is the Away Competition on the 6th?
What Competition had a Result of lost 1-2?
What is the Man of the Match of the Competition with a Result of lost 2-5?
What is the Date of the Competition with Man of the Match Ollie Bronnimann?
what is team 2 when team 1 is fc rouen (d1)?
what is team 1 when team 2 is gazélec ajaccio (d3)?
what is the 1st round when team 2 is olympique lyonnais (d2)?
what is the total when the league is less than 1?
What is the lowest profits (billion $) for the rank 6?
What is the smallest rank for an industry of banking, a company of bank of america, and profits (billion $) larger than 16.47?
What is the lowest market value (billion $) with a headquarter of usa , and the rank larger than 3, assets (billion$) larger than 208.34, and the company jpmorgan chase?
What season in sanskrit means summer in English?
What is the english translation of the sanskrit word varsha?
What are the gregorian months for the season குளிர் in Tamil?
What are the months in Tamil that has an english transliteration of Mun-pani?
What is the english transliteration of late dew?
What is the english word Monsoon in Tamil?
What is the 2009 result when 2011 is 1R and 2007 is A?
What is the 2008 result when 2006 is Year-End Championship?
What is the 2009 when 2012 is Year-End Championship?
What is the 2008 result when 2012 and 2005 are both QF?
What is the 1999 answer when 1998 is Grand Slam Tournaments?
Which Score has High points of raymond felton (32)?
Which Record has a Team of philadelphia?
Which High rebounds has a Game of 76?
Which Location Attendance has a High assists of raymond felton (5), and a Record of 35–44?
Which Location Attendance has a Date of april 15?
What date was there a game larger than 17?
What is the result of the match with clyde as the opponent in the h venue?
What is the attendance on 24 December 1898?
What was the date of the match at venue A with the celtic as the opponent?
Who is the opponent of the match on 3 December 1898 in venue h?
What country does Glory Alozie play for?
In what country did fadwa al bouza have larger than 0.257 react score?
What is Place, when Score is "75-71-72-70=288"?
What is Money ( $ ), when Score is "75-71-72-70=288"?
What is Country, when Player is "Jimmy Demaret"?
What is Player, when Score is "71-69-72-72=284"?
What is Country, when Player is "Dutch Harrison"?
What is Score, when Date is May 7, 2006?
What is Surface, when Opponents In The Final is "Christophe Rochus Olivier Rochus"?
What is Tournament, when Surface is "Hard"?
What is Score, when Partnering is "Alexander Waske", and when Opponents In The Final is "Rafael Nadal Bartolomé Salvá-Vidal"?
Which Royal house is named Elah?
What is the type of Leader for the Royal House of Baasha, who is named Elah.
What is the average Silver with rank 30 and a Bronze greater than 0
What is the highest Gold that has a Silver less than 7 and Bronze less than 0
What is the highest Bronze with a Silver greater than 0 and a Gold of 7 and a total less than 29
What is the sum of Total ranking 9 and a Gold more than 6
What is the lowest Bronze with a 17 Rank and a Total less than 5
What is the venue that is located in zhodino?
Which Home Team has a Tie no of 13?
What is the Away Team when the Home Team is Fulham?
Which Date has a Tie no of 11?
On 27 January 1968 who was the Home Team when the Away team was Carlisle United?
If the Home Team is Newport County what is the Score?
What is the sum for the Scottish cup that has player Damon Gray, and more than 1 league?
What was the average league with Kris Doolan and a total less than 5?
What aircraft has 129 made?
Which type has 140 made?
Which aircraft has heavy transport?
Where was the Kai Kuh-1 Surion Produced?
Which First Pref votes have a % of seats of 0.8?
How many First Pref votes have Seats of 1?
What game number is the Kansas City Kings team?
Who was the opponent when he went more than 1 round with a record of 12-7?
Which event did he win with a method of submission (triangle choke) and a time of n/a?
What was the result when the method was submission (kimura)?
In which location was the method decision (split)?
In which location did the fight last just 0:31?
Who owns the kool-fm branding?
Which frequency belongs to the beat branding?
Which frequency belongs to the cihr-fm call sign?
Who owns the fm 101.3 frequency?
Which call sign has a frequency of FM 105.3?
Who owns the kool-fm branding in the adult hits format?
What was the score against Portland in game numbers under 20?
WHAT CHAMPION HAD RICHMOND RIVER COURSE ON JUNE 13?
WHAT YEAR WAS ROBERT COOMBES CHAMPION ON MAY 7?
What's the record of the game on Nov 13?
What's the score of Game 5?
What was the score of Game 13?
What is the final score when the opponent was Real España, in the 2008–09 season?
What was the final score when the opponent was Atlético Choloma?
What team was the opponent in the 2008–09 season, with a final score of 2–3 l?
What was the opponent in the 2008–09 season, with a final score of 2–3 l?
What shows for playing when the opponent was Real España, in the 2012–13 season?
What did Steve Elkington par?
What did Ernie Els par?
What place is Spain in?
Which High rebounds have a Game larger than 4, and a Date of may 27?
What was the score on may 21?
Which Game is the highest one that has High rebounds of pau gasol (11)?
What was the series on may 27?
Which High rebounds have a Game larger than 2, and a Team of @ denver, and High assists of kobe bryant (5)?
What was the location and attendance for the game after game 36 against Atlanta?
What was the record of the game for game 31?
What is the game number when the game was against phoenix?
What is the tie number when Wigan Athletic is the home team?
What is the date when Grimsby Town is the home team?
What is the date of game with tie number of 10?
What is the score when away team is Crystal Palace?
WHAT IS THE YEAR WITH DARI, AND TITLE osama (أسامة)?
WHAT IS THE RESULT WITH A FILM TITLE FIREDANCER?
Who had the highest points when the series was 4-2?
What was the score when the series was 3-2?
What is the average sales for the company with market value of 204.9bil and profits under 20.6bil?
Which Doctor is featured in City of Death?
Available in 2-CD format, what is the title of story number 026?
Who was the away team when bournemouth was the home team?
What is the tie no when scunthorpe united was the away team?
Who was the home team when swansea city was the away team?
Who is the 92.5 with the press of 282.5?
Who is the 92.5 with the press 282.5?
Which 92.5 holds the world record?
what is the season when the lead is john shuster and third is shawn rojeski?
what is the season when the third is shawn rojeski?
WHAT IS THE RELIGION WITH A SCHEDULED TRIBE OF 0.90%?
WHAT IS THE FORWARD CASTE WITH A SCHEDULED TRIBE OF 0.90%?
WHAT IS THE FORWARD CASTE WITH A SCHEDULED CASTE OF 89.50%?
WHAT IS THE FORWARD CASTE WITH A SCHEDULED CASTE OF 0.80%?
What was the score for the game with a record of 11-22 and a H/A/N of A?
What was the H/A/N for the game that ended in a score of 108-102?
What was the score of the game with a H/A/N of H and a record of 12-24?
What was the score of the game played on December 17, with a H/A/N of H?
On what date did the Cavaliers have a record of 9-14?
Who were the opponents in the game that ended in a score of 116-106?
HOW MANY CARS HAD A CAR # SMALLER THAN 7 AND STARTED ON 2010?
WHAT WAS THE LOWEST CAR # WITH SON-E-WA, AND 2012 START YEAR?
WHAT IS THE HIGHEST # OF CARS WITH A START YEAR LESS THAN 2012, TBA CURRENT CAR, AND MORE THAN 1 CAR?
Which monarch assumed office on December 15, 1876?
On what date did ke ʻ eaumoku pāpa ʻ iahiahi leave office?
How many years in office were served by the person who assumed the office on October 4, 1886?
On what date did the person who died on March 23, 1824 leave office?
On what date did the person leave office who died on October 23, 1887 and who served 2 years?
Who is the monarch that left office circa 1886?
What is the report for Challenge Stadium?
What did the Melbourne Tigers score when they were the away team?
How many were in the crowd when the score was 97-80?
How big was the crowd when the South Dragons were the away team at the Gold Coast Convention Centre?
What is the position of pick 32?
Who was the player in round 1?
Who are the opponents with a record of 3-0?
Who is the opponent with 16 points?
What were the high assists when the score was l 86–94 (ot)?
What were the high rebounds when the score was l 101–109 (ot)?
What is the Venue that has a Rank of 2?
What is the Rank that has a Season of 1995/96?
What is the Opponent that has a Rank of 4?
What is the Rank that has a Venue of bellerive oval , hobart, and a Margin of 115 runs?
What is the Season that has a Venue of bellerive oval , hobart, and a Rank of 4?
What is the Margin that has a Venue of bellerive oval , hobart, and a Season of 2002/03?
What is the To par of the Player from New Zealand who had a Score of 75-70=145?
What is the To par of the T3 Player?
What is the sum of Rank, when Assists is "82"?
What is the total number of Assists, when Name is "Pablo Prigioni", and when Games is greater than 21?
What is the average Assists, when Games is greater than 19, and when Name is "Pablo Prigioni"?
What country is Tom Kite from?
What is the most money United States player Bob Gilder won?
What was the statue in st. paul, minnesota constructed before 1966 made out of?
When was the most recent statue that was made out of solid granite completed?
What Game had a Result of 105-95?
What is the Home Team of the game against Seattle on June 1?
What is the Home Team in Game 2?
What is the Road Team in the game with a Result of 105-95?
What is the Game on May 24 with Road Team Seattle?
On what Date was the Result 82-92?
What is the 2006 population of the area with vehicle registration code of G and population density of 1,432.0?
What is the area of Waterford?
What is the NUT 3 region with area of 41.58?
What is Opponent, when Event is RITC 22 - Rage In The Cage 22?
What is Record, when Method is KO, and when Opponent is Rich Guerin?
What is Round, when Event is RITC 89 - Triple Main Event 89?
What kind of Social Sec Leeds has a Media Officer of jason james and a Treasurer of james davidson?
Name the Social Sec Leeds has a President of tom dawson?
Name the President has a Media Officer of pete marshall/ nazar striletski?
Name the Social Sec Leeds has Fixtures Sec of n/a, and a General Sec of n/a, and the Season of 2005–2006?
Name the  President who has a Treasurer of james davidson, and a Season of 2006–2007?
Name the Fixtures Sec which has a Season of 2009–2010
What is the Format of the Epic/Sony Label after 1980?
What is the Format of the Label with Catalog SBP 234999?
Which poll source has a lead of 17?
What years did Elden Campbell category:articles with hcards and jersesy number of 41 play?
What is the listed date of the Warren pony truss bridge that was built in 1925?
When was Moores Creek Bridge built?
When was Blackburn Point Bridge built?
What county is the St. Augustine bridge in?
Which Date has Notes of notes?
Which Date has a Location of davos, and a Time of 45.7?
Which Location has a Date of 1931-02-02?
Which Time has Notes of men's speed skating?
Which Location has Notes of eisstadion, and a Date of 1930-01-11?
Which Distance has a Date of 1930-01-11?
What is the weight when the race was the VRC Melbourne Cup?
What weight has a distance of 8F, and RRC Hill Stakes (wfa) as the race?
What is the distance when the weight is 9.2?
what is the pick for adam gettis?
what is the pick for alfred morris when the overall is less than 217, and the round is smaller than 6?
what is the college for keenan robinson when overall is more than 102?
what is the pick for robert griffin iii?
How many appearances did the flamengo player who was with flamengo during the years 1989–1993 1996–1998 2004–2005 have?
What was the attendance on week 1?
Who was the opponent before week 3 and a result of w 28-6?
What is the sum of core# with a part number of osa242cep5au and TDP greater than 82.1?
What is the sum of core# with a TDP less than 85.3?
Which Winning score has a Date of aug 26, 1973?
Which Runner(s)-up has a Date of may 19, 1973?
Which Margin of victory has a Runner(s)-up of betty burfeindt, and a Tournament of pompano beach classic?
Which Runner(s)-up has a Tournament of cameron park open?
Which Runner(s)-up has a Winning score of –8 (68-68-72-72=280)?
Which Date has a Tournament of national jewish hospital open, and a Runner(s)-up of pat bradley?
What is the date for the winner Universitario after the 1943 season?
What is the competition before the 1930 season, and a winning draw?
Who is the co-driver for the 6th position and more than 159 laps?
Which location has 13 floors and a rank greater than 12?
What is the Visitor on January 1?
What is the Record of the Game on January 20 with Visitor Toronto Maple Leafs with a Score of 3–1?
What is the Record of the game on November 24 with a Score of 6–2?
What is the Record of the game on November 15 against Visitor Chicago Black Hawks with a Score of 1–3?
What is the Date of the game with a Score of 3–1 and Record of 1–1–0?
What is the Visitor of the game on January 24?
What is Record, when Game is 27?
What is Team, when High Rebounds is David Lee (15)?
What is Record, when Location Attendance, is Madison Square Garden 19,009?
How many weeks on top was OMC?
What's the volume:issue of Sheryl Crow with 3 weeks on top?
What is Coverage (Transmitter Site), when Power (kW) is "10kW", and when Callsign is "DYFX-TV"?
What is Coverage (Transmitter Site), when Power (kW) is "10kW", and when Callsign is "DYFX-TV"?
What is Branding, when Callsign is "DXED-TV"?
What is Power (kW), when Coverage (Transmitter Site) is "Lucena"?
What year did Ivanovic win with Ivanovic greater than 4 and round of R16?
What is the highest result for Jankovic at Indian Wells and round of SF?
Where did Ben Gordon (8) have the high assists?
Who had the high points at the United Center 20,389?
Where was the location attendance when Minnesota played?
What date did Ben Gordon (8) have high assists?
What team had a finish of 25 in a smaller than 28?
For any races with a start of 14 what was the lowest finish?
What is the transfer fee for Jimmy Gibson?
What is the sum of silver medals won for rank 7?
Goldfields Obuasi Team 1 has what Agg. totals ?
Which Inhabitants has a Party of south tyrolean people's party, a Municipality of bruneck, and an Election larger than 2010?
Which Election has a Municipality of laives, and Inhabitants smaller than 17,197?
What is the number week with a result of w 40–62?
What was the game site week 15?
What is the record when the result was w 52–43?
What is the highest week when the game site was Verizon Wireless Arena, and the result was w 59–42?
What is the opponent on May 25, 2007?
What team was the opponent with a record of 5–0?
What date was the away team from Adelaide?
What date was the Colonial Stadium?
What was the total crowd attendance at Westpac Stadium?
What is the attendance of the match with maidsone united as the away team?
What is the attendance with a 45 tie no.?
What is February, when Opponent is "Montreal Canadiens"?
What is February, when Record is "21-29-11"?
What is the lowest February, when Record is "21-30-11", and when Game is greater than 62?
What is Score, when Game is less than 61, when February is less than 11, and when Opponent is "@ Buffalo Sabres"?
What is the highest Game, when Record is "21-30-11"?
Who had the most rebounds in the game against Phoenix with a number over 76?
What is Years, when Jersey Number(s) is 5?
What is Position when Player is Drew Barry Category:Articles With hCards?
What is Years, when Jersey Number(s) is 21, and when Position is SG?
What is Postition, when Nationality is United States, when Jersey Number(s) is 12, and when Player is Tom Black Category:Articles With hCards?
Which Club has a Founded smaller than 1882, and a League of fa premier league?
Which Venue has a Club of west bromwich albion?
Which Sport has a Founded larger than 1874 and a Club of birmingham city?
What kind of League has a Venue of billesley common?
COunt the Founded which has a Venue of villa park?
Name the Club which has a Founded larger than 1875, and a Sport of football?
What score did Seve Ballesteros have when he was in T3 place?
What was the money value for Jerry Pate?
What country is Curtis Strange from?
Who had a score of 77-69-70-71=287?
What was Tom Kite's to par?
What is the date for the game where Platense was the home side?
On what date was the game with fewer than 6650 in attendance, that finished 0:1?
Who was the home team in the game with more than 1675, and Olimpia was the away side?
What was the total Attendance in weeks previous of 5, playing the Seattle Seahawks?
Who is the head coach for the team that has finke as the shirt sponsor?
Who was the team captain of tus koblenz?
Who is the shirt sponsor for the team with a head coach of andre schubert and a kitmaker of puma?
Who is the team captain for the team with sparkasse (düsseldorf) as the shirt sponsor?
Who is the head coach for the team, arminia bielefeld?
What is the result of the game with 77,698 in attendance?
What is the Venue when the result was 2-1?
What is the venue when the Round shows after extra time, chelsea won on 4-1 on penalties?
What was the attendance when the result was 1-1?
What is the Version of the CD release?
What is the Label of the Original CD release?
What is the Version of the CD release on June 12, 2008 in Cyprus?
What is the Region of the release on December 22, 2008?
What is the Label of the release on June 12, 2008 in Cyprus?
What is the Format of the release in Greece?
What is the total number of Tonnage, when Date is "25 June 1943"?
What is Ship, when Nationality is "Syria", and when Date is "26 June 1943", and when Tonnage is "80"?
What is the record of the game that resulted in a loss with more than 56,648 people in attendance?
What was the university of akron's enrollment?
Which athletics nickname was founded in 1872?
What date did the executive office in Dover take office?
What left office date happened in Washington?
What is the 2nd Leg, when Team 2 is Marbella?
What was the result F-A for round 5?
What is the most elevated Played that has a Lost smaller than 12, and a Name of ec amberg (n), and a Position smaller than 4?
What is the average Lost that has a Name of ec amberg (n), and a Position smaller than 4?
What is the whole of Points that has a Drawn smaller than 1?
What is the whole of Drawn that has a Lost of 4?
What is the whole of Drawn that has a Played larger than 14?
What was the result of the game on April 28?
Who was the home team on April 20 against Boston?
What was the result of game 3?
What is the result of the game on April 17 against Los Angeles?
What is the date of game 3 with Boston as the road team?
What is the IATA for Esperadinha Airport?
What is the name of the airport in São Filipe that has an IATA of sfl?
In which city is the ICAO gvma?
What is the ICAO for the IATA bvc?
On which island is Esperadinha airport located?
Which city has an ICAO of gvsf?
How many gold when silver is less than 32, bronze is 25, and overall is less than 67?
How many silver when bronze is 25 and overall is less than 67?
what is the least silver when overall is less than 67, team is saami and gold is less than 5?
what is the average bronze when the team is northwest territories and gold is more than 34?
How many silver when the team is northwest territories and gold is less than 34?
What is the away team with West Ham United as the home team?
What is the attendance of tie no. 23?
What is the attendance of the match with Carlisle united as the home team?
what is the sum of total when year(s) won is 1985?
what is the finish when the country is united states and the player is tiger woods?
How many times was the finish t32?
Who was the home team on 8 January 1946 with a tie no of 4?
What is the score of the game where Wrexham is the home team and the date is Blackpool?
Name the Programming which has an Aspect of 4:3, and a PSIP Short Name of ibc-tv?
Name the highest Channel with an Aspect of 4:3, and a PSIP Short Name of ibc-tv?
WHich Video has a Channel larger than 56.4?
Which Programming has an Aspect of 4:3 and a PSIP Short Name of metvla?
Which Channel has an Aspect of 4:3 and a Programming of me-tv?
Who is the opponent in a game higher than 76 on April 6?
What is the earliest April date with a game less than 76?
Which Tracking Method has a Latest stable release of n/a, and a Price in USD of from $202/month?
Which Name has a Company of quantcast corporation?
Name the Latest stable release that has a Price in USD of free / negotiable?
Name the Company which has a Price in USD of free / negotiable?
Name the Company which has a Tracking Method of cookies via javascript, and a Latest stable release of n/a, and a Name of clicktale?
Name the Tracking Method which has a Company of mapmyuser, llc?
What was the tie number of the game when the queens park rangers were the home team?
What was the tie number when the away team was Wrexham?
Which brigade has a population of 190?
What defending forces have a population of 650?
Which defending forces have the name Danna?
What name has a population of 810?
Which defending forces has a population of 230?
In what region was Degeneration released in digital format on 19 July 2008?
What was the name of the catalog released on 19 July 2008?
who is the away team when the home team is luton town?
what is the attendance when the home team is chester city?
who is the home team when attendance is 25 november 1997 and the away team is exeter city?
Who are the semifinalists of the tournament with magnus gustafsson as the finalist?
Who is the winner and score of the tournament with semifinalists goran prpić sergi bruguera?
Who is the winner and score during the week of April 22?
What week was the tournament of paris?
What is the average Champions League assists for the players with League assists under 4?
What is the most Champions League assists for those with a total of 6 and position of Midfielder?
What is the sum of the FAC/LC G with a CL G less than 2, less than 5 total apps, and a UEFA YC greater than 0?
What is the average FAC/LC apps with a CL G greater than 0, less than 33 PL apps, a FAC/LC G of 0, and less than 2 FA YC?
What is the sum of the FAC/LC apps with less than 25 PC apps and a UEFA YC less than 0?
What is the sum of the total apps of player benayoun, who has a PL G greater than 0 and more than 9 CL apps?
What is the total PL G of player pennant, who has less than 7 CL G, less than 7 CL apps, and a FA YC of 0?
Which tournament had an opponent of petra krejsová tereza smitková?
What was the outcome when darija jurak anaïs laurendon was the opponent?
When was the outcome runner-up with a score of 4–6, 3–6?
What is the highest game with a 47-21-3 record?
what is the s.r. number when lb&sc number is 34?
what is the withdrawal when the lb&sc number is less than 16 and the s.r. number is 2011?
what is the built when s.r. number is less than 2033, lb&sc number is less than 18, notes is i2 and withdrawal is cannot handle non-empty timestamp argument! 1935?
What is the average Wkts, when Player is Beau Casson, and when Ovrs is greater than 32?
What is the highest Ovrs, when Econ is 2.02?
What is the lowest Ovrs, when Wkts is greater than 13, and when Econ is less than 3.21?
Who was the opponent with the record of 4-0-0?
What was the score of the game on October 20 with a decision of Lundqvist?
What game is the first with the Pittsburgh Penguins the opponent?
What is the average gold medals of the nation with 2 total medals, more than 1 bronze, and less than 0 silvers?
What is the highest total medals of russia, which has more than 1 silver and more than 6 bronze medals?
What is the total number of gold medals of the nation with 1 bronze and less than 1 total medal?
What is the total number of silver medals of the nation with more than 16 total medals?
What is the average total medals of the nation with 4 bronze and more than 1 silver medals?
What is the total number of gold medals of slovakia, which has less than 1 silver medal?
What was the score when the match was in the country of Scotland?
What is the name of the player that has a To par of –1?
What country was the game in when the player was Craig Stadler?
What is the name of the player when the Score was 72-73-67-72=284?
What is the total height in meters for the building that has a less than 380.6 feet height?
What are the fewest floors for the building that has a height of 116 meters?
What was the Attendance in Week 2?
What was the Attendance on November 6, 1960?
What was the Attendance when the Result was L 31–23?
What was the Opponent in Week 9?
What was the Opponent before Week 11 with an Attendance of 63,571?
What is Michigan State's position?
What is the nationality of the play for New Jersey from 2007-2009?
What was the attendance when they played the New Orleans Saints?
Who was the outgoing manager of the Heart of Midlothian?
What is the vacancy date of Dundee?
Who was the outgoing manager that was replaced by Tony Mowbray?
What date was Dundee appointed?
What is Race 1, when Team is "Dick Johnson Racing", and when Race 3 is "DNF"?
What is Race 2, when Race 1 is "18"?
What is Team, when Race 2 is "5"?
What is Driver, when Race 2 is "10"?
What is Race 2, when Driver is "Paul Radisich"?
What is Driver, when Team is "Romano Racing"?
The 20th Century Fox film directed by Joel Schumacher grossed how much?
Which studio grossed $83,531,958 and ranked lower than 13?
WHAT YEAR WAS AT GIANTS STADIUM, WITH WINNER OF NEW YORK GIANTS?
What is Qual 2, when Best is 1:27.642?
What is Name, when Team is "Herdez Competition", and when Best is 1:27.432?
What is Qual 1, when Qual 2 is 1:27.537?
What is Best, when Team is "Rocketsports Racing", and when Name is "Alex Tagliani"?
What is Qual 2, when Best is 1:27.976?
What is Best, when Name is Jimmy Vasser?
What is the highest game whose score was 94-116
Where was the game that was larger than 30 and scored 106-111
Which Venue has a Round of gs, and a Result of 0–3?
What was the result on 27 august 2003?
Which Result has a Venue of A, and an Opponent of manchester united?
What score has jim courier as the opponent in the final?
What is the label for the CD format in North America?
What is the date for Bron 535 Catalog?
What region is the Gold Vinyl format from?
What is the label for the UK in 1996?
What is the catalog with a bronze label and in Vinyl format?
What date was the bronze label in vinyl format?
What record has montreal, qc as the location, with boston bruins as the visitor?
What was the highest Pick for Lonnie Brockman before round 9?
How many picks did Central State have before round 2?
What was the highest round for Bowling Green with a pick smaller than 210?
What was the average tonnage for the Siljan ship from Sweden?
What was the average tonnage for Beatus, raided on 18 October 1940?
Which ship had a tonnage over 8,782?
Which ship was raided on 26 September 1940?
What is Score, when Game is greater than 49, and when Opponent is "Pittsburgh Ironmen"?
What is Date, when Opponent is "Chicago Stags"?
What is Record, when Date is "March 1"?
What is Record, when Game is greater than 55, and when Date is "March 25"?
What is the Home team when the Attendance was 1920?
What is the Home team when Motagua is the Away team?
What is the Score when Deportes Savio is the Home team?
On what Date is Olimpia the Home team?
What is the Attendance when Vida is the Away team?
What is the lowest number of FA Cup goals for players with 12 League goals and 14 total goals?
How many FA Cup goals does George Yardley have?
Which Home is on january 11?
which Record has a Home of ottawa senators on Date of december 21?
Which Score has a Visitor of toronto st. pats, and a Home of montreal canadiens, and a Record of 3–2–0?
which Home has a Visitor of ottawa senators and a Score of 2–3?
Name the Record of Visitor of toronto st. pats with a Score of 5–4 and a Home of ottawa senators? Question 5
Name the Home with has a Score of 2–7?
What is Career with the franchise [b ], when Player is "Willie Anderson Category:Articles with hCards"?
What is Nationality, when NBA years [a ] is "1", and when Previous Team is "Seattle Supersonics"?
What is Player, when Pick is greater than 24, and when NBA years [a ] is "9"?
What is Career with the franchise [b ], when Previous Team is "New Jersey Nets"?
How many years did Real Colorado Foxes make it to the Open Cup 1st Round?
When is the latest year that Real Colorado Foxes did not qualify for the playoffs but make it to Open Cup 2nd Round?
In 2012, which round in the Open Cup did Real Colorado Foxes make it to the conference semifinal?
Where did Day & Age rank in the Rolling Stone in 2008?
What country did Day & Age rank number 1 in Q prior to 2011?
Which Title is from 1952?
Can you tell me the highest Lost that has the Pool/Round of pool 2, and the Played smaller than 6?
Which network had unknown games and a title of hvem kan slå ylvis hvem kan slå aamodt & kjus?
What was the date of the show titled Beat the Star?
Which date was the show aired on the RTL Televizija network?
Which date was the show aired on the RTL Televizija network?
Which network aired the program Schlag den Raab?
WHAT IS THE LOWEST DIAMETER FOR A LATITIDE OF 52.0S?
What is the position elected in 2011 from the Country of Algeria?
What is the lowest term from the 2007 election with the position of chairperson?
Which Telebooms have a Brigade of total?
Which Platforms have a Hazmat of –, and a Type of urban & rural, and a Brigade of lara?
Which Tankers have a Hazmat of –, and Platforms of –, and a Staffing of volunteer?
How many Pumpers have Cars of 1, and a Staffing of volunteer, and a Brigade of grovedale, and Tankers smaller than 1?
What is the average Year that has a Quantity of 10, and a GWR Numbers of 409, 290, 315, 317–321, 324, 333?
What was the score of the player who earned $5,000?
What place did Phil Rodgers finish?
What country is the player who earned $9,000 from?
What round did the MWEHL team, Detroit Honeybaked, and the NHL Team Columbus Blue Jackets play?
Who was the player in Round 7, on the MWEHL Team Detroit Honeybaked, and the NHL Team, Philadelphia Flyers teams?
What is the NHL team for Round 5 and an overall ranking of #154?
What is the MWEHL Team on Round 2, with player Nicolas Kerdiles?
Who is the player on round 7 with an overall ranking of #195?
Which MWEHL team has player Ben Johnson?
How many people attended the game on week 3?
What is the Report for the School for Ages of 2-17?
What are the Ages of the Seashell Trust School with Ofsted Report?
What is the Website of the Cheadle School for Ages 8-16?
What is the Website of the Cheadle Hulme School with a Report of Ofsted for Ages 4-19?
What is the Locality of the Penarth Group School for Ages 8-16?
WHAT IS THE SCORE OF MARCH 28?
WHAT IS THE SCORE WITH VISITORS CHICAGO BLACK HAWKS ON MARCH 24?
What is the Date for the Home team West Ham United
what is the score that has tie number 27
what is the tie number that has Portsmouth Home team
What is the score of the United States, which has a to par of +5?
For a record of 3-2, what team was home?
What was the home team when the visiting team was Chicago Black Hawks, a game with a record of 0-2?
Can you tell me total number of Silver that has the Republic of latvian ssr, and the Total larger than 6?
What is the transfer window for the player whose status was loan ended?
Who was the player with a transfer window of summer and was moving to Kortrijk?
What is the status of the player who is moving to Nantes?
Which Type has a Capacity of 28 passengers, and a Number of 16?
Which Builder has a Date smaller than 1913, and a Length of feet (m), and a Number of 15?
Which Date has a Length of feet 9inches (m), and a Builder of portland terminal company?
Which Type has a Capacity of 10 tons, and a Number of 24-27?
How many Dates have a Builder of laconia car company, and a Number of 63-68?
What is the score for Billy Andrade?
What country is Nick Price from?
What is the to par for the player with score of 67-67=134?
Team 1, Everton, has what as a 1st leg?
The 2nd leg is what for the Atlético Madrid as Team 1?
Fulham as Team 1 has the 2nd leg score of what?
What name is for the period 1945-1949 & 1953-1954 1949-1952?
Which name is on the of fc sète olympique de marseille?
What role has the team of Troyes AC Grenoble Foot?
What name has the role of midfielder for 1999-2003?
Which period has the team CS Sedan?
What is the team with the name Boumediene Abderahmane?
What was the finishing position with 13 points?
What Driver had 50+3 Points?
When was the most recent game that he partnered with nicklas kulti and they scored 3–6, 7–6, 6–4?
Who did he play on a hard surface?
When was his first game on a clay surface where he scored 0–6, 3–6?
what is the highest wickets when the matches is less than 5, player is jim laker and average is more than 52.44?
what is the average when matches is less than 5 and wickets is more than 9?
what is the sum of matches when the player is jim laker and wikets is less than 9?
what is the highest wickets when the best bowling is 2/32 and matches is less than 5?
what is the highest wickets when best bowling is 5/40 and average is less than 33.09?
Which player has a pick# over 47?
Who is the player with a FB position?
What is the Score that has a To standard of –3, and a Player of Jim Furyk?
What is the Country that has a Player of Scott Hoch?
What is the Player that has a To standard of –4, and a Score of 74-70-68=212?
What is the Score that has a To standard of –2, and a Country of Spain?
What is the Score that has a Player of Ernie Els?
What is the Player that has a Place of t2, and a Score of 74-70-68=212?
what is the date when the nationality is united kingdom, the type is freighter and the displacement is 5,145 t?
what is the name when the displacement is 8,305 t?
what is the name when the type is freighter, nationality is united kingdom on 3 may 1940?
what is the date for tirrana?
what is the name for the nationality total:?
Who is the republican Jon Huntsman that was administered June 19, 2008?
What is the most minimal Final year that has a North or east end of covington?
What is the total of Final year that has a Notes of replaced by i-96?
What is the most minimal Final year that has a Notes of replaced by i-75 and m-25, and a First year larger than 1926?
What is the average First year that has a Notes of replaced by us 12 when i-94 replaced us 12, and a Final year larger than 1961?
What is the number of the votes of the election before 2004 with edward mahama as the candidate with 3.0% share of votes?
What is the outcome of the election with edward mahama as a candidate and 73,494 votes?
What is the earlest election with a 0.9% share of votes?
Who is the candidate with 73,494 votes?
What is the share of votes in the 2008 election?
What is the number of votes of candidate edward mahama, who had 0.9% share of votes?
Which Ages have a Capacity larger than 21, and an Ofsted of 106168?
Which Ages have an Ofsted larger than 106172, and a School of oakgrove school?
Which Ofsted has a Capacity smaller than 56, and Ages of 11-16?
Which Capacity has a School of windlehurst school, and an Ofsted smaller than 131889?
How many people attended the game when sydney spirit was at home?
When the crowd was greater than 19,498 who was the away team?
An attendance larger than 33,684 and an opponent of Hamilton Academical had this listed as a result?
When did grid 8 finish?
Which Location has a Game greater than 20 and a Date of Wed. Dec. 26?
On what date is the Score 94-109?
Which Location has a Game greater than 27 and a Record of 18-10?
What is the number of losses for the team with a points difference of -25?
What is the number of draws for the team with a points difference of -210?
What is the points difference for the team that has allowed 615 points against?
What is the number of matches played for the team with 0 draws and 33 points?
What is the number of points for the team with 2 matches drawn and 577 points for?
What was the result when home was fc luzern (asl)?
Who was the guest on 24.11.07 when the result was 0:1 at 16:00?
What day was the time 14:30, the result 0:1, and the home team fc chiasso (chl)?
Who was the gues on 25.11.07 when home was stade nyonnais (1.l)?
Who was the guest when the result was 0:3?
What was the result when the guest was fc zürich (asl)?
What's the white of E93 King's Indian Defence when Kasparov was black, moves were greater than 19, and happened before 2000?
What tournament had a black of Kramnik and an opening of B66 Sicilian Defence?
What year had a black of Kramnik, opening of E05 Catalan Opening, moves greater than 38, and a result of ½–½?
What year had 32 moves?
What year has 14 moves and an opening of C54 Italian Game?
what is the lowest round2 when round5 is 71 and round4 is more than 64?
what is round1 when round3 is less than 51, total points is less than 273, round2 is less than 98 and round5 is less than 24?
what is the rank when the total points is more than 194, round4 is less than 64, round3 is more than 51 and round 2 is less than 66?
what is round2 when round5 is more than 35, round3 is less than 51, the rank is smaller than 2 and the team is netherlands?
what is the lowest round3 when round4 is 37?
What is the team that has a shooting guard that played for the Grizzlies in 2000-2001?
What's the United States team that played for the Grizzlies in 1995-1996?
What are years that Obinna Ekezie played for the Grizzlies?
What's the school that played for the Grizzlie from 1995-1998?
What position does Wayne Ellington play?
What is the premier league number when the position is forward, and the total is more than 22?
What is the total when the league cup is less than 1, and the fa cup is less than 1?
What is the lowest league cup with a premier League of 1, and the total is less than 5?
What is the lowest FA Cup when the league cup is 1, and the total is more than 23?
What is the lowest grid for Roberto Rolfo with more than 26 laps?
What was the time for Aprilia and their driver Casey Stoner, before gird 9, and less than 26 laps?
What are the highest laps for Marco Melandri?
Which player lost more than 12?
What is the name of the player that lost more than 4?
Which name has a lane less than 8, russia as the country, with a mark of 8.07?
How many lanes have 2 as the heat, and susanna kallur as the name?
What name has 8.19 as the mark, with 3 as the lane?
In which discipline was non-championship under Championship?
What type of motorsport has a session of pre-race test?
With a Championship of 1959 USAC Championship Car Season what is the event?
What race even has NASCAR Featherlite Modified Series as the championship?
The Milwaukee Mile circuit has what type of session?
The 2001 NASCAR Winston Cup Series championship has what has a circuit?
Which Semifinalist has a Tournament of stockholm?
Which Tournament has a Winner and score of goran ivanišević 6–4, 6–2, 7–6(2)?
Which Finalist has a Week of may 3?
Which Surface has a Week of march 1?
Which Semifinalists have a Tournament of rome?
Which Surface has a Semifinalist of stefan edberg thomas muster?
Which Drawn has a Played of 20, and a Club of rhigos rfc?
Which Points for has a Losing bonus of 2, and a Club of bridgend sports rfc?
Which Points against has a Lost of lost?
Which Points has a Points for of 381?
Which Tries against has Points for of 564?
Which Club has a Drawn of 0, and Points of 26?
What country won in 2004?
How many years have a Name of tour quartier des spectacles, and Floors smaller than 31?
what is the date that the away team is aldershot?
who is the home team when the away team is bolton wanderers?
What's the largest amount of assists juan ignacio sánchez ever had?
Who played over 37 games and had 202 assists?
What is the highest total value when bask and base are each 3?
What was the 2nd event aired on 8 June 2008?
What episode had sumo ball for event 3 and the wall for event 4?
What is the earliest episode aired on 8 June 2008?
What is event 4 when event one was gauntlet, event 2 was duel, and event 3 was pendulum?
What is the air date  the had atlasphere for event 1 before episode 11?
What was the lowest placement with a final of 23.92?
What did the Surname Lindberg rank?
What was the lowest number of 2008 total bearers with a rank less than 13 and the Surname Jansson?
What Etymology ranked 12?
What team has more than 32 games and 311 rebounds?
What is the highest rank team akasvayu girona had with less than 311 rebounds?
How many games did team iurbentia bilbao have with rebounds higher than 212?
How few games are there for a rank more than 1 and more than 212 rebounds?
On what date is the Chrysalis Records label.?
What is the date of the Chrysalis, Island Records label?
On what date was the format of ed remaster cd?
The Catalog of ilps 9153 is from what region?
What label is from the Region of Spain?
what is the latest year when the venue is berlin, germany?
what is the year when the notes is 5000 m and the competition is world junior championships in athletics?
Who has the highest assists in game 72?
What is the record of the game on March 21?
Which season has more than 5 episodes each 159 minutes in length?
What is the release date for Ben 10: Alien Force Volume 9 on DVD?
What the episode count for Ben 10: Alien Force Volume 8 on DVD?
What title was release November 17, 2009 in a 16:9 aspect ratio?
What is the aspect ratio for the September 1, 2009 release?
Which network broadcasted the cup after 2011?
When John Harkes was the color commentator, and Alexi Lalas and Steve McManaman were the pregame analysts, who were the sideline reporters?
Who does pregame analysts for TSN2 network when Taylor Twellman is the color commentator?
With the game that was less than 16 what was the high assists?
On December 25, what was the record?
What is the length of the track located in Taylorville, Illinois?
What was the sanction of the event at Nashville, Illinois?
What programs are there for the South Fork Dirt Riders track?
How many points did Newport RFC get?
What club had a loss of 15?
When there were 554 points, what was the point difference?
When there were 767 points, what was the point difference?
What club had a points difference of -24?
What is the outcome of the match with opponent Jade Curtis?
What is the outcome of the match played on carpet surface?
What is the name of the Tournament with Jade Curtis as the opponent?
Who has Runs of 124?
Name the Runs which has Venue of adelaide oval , adelaide?
Which Venue has michael di venuto on Season of 2000/01?
Name the Runs has a Venue of bellerive oval , hobart, and a Season of 2004/05, and a Rank of 5?
Name the Runs that has a Venue of bellerive oval , hobart, and a Player of travis birt?
What is the front-side bus for the processor whose frequency is 733MHz?
What is the L2 cache for the processor with a 750MHz frequency?
What is the multiplier for the processor with a frequency of 733MHz?
What is the smallest height with a prominence of 2,349?
What was the result of the game after week 6 against the cleveland browns?
What was the Ravens' record on December 5, 1999?
What date did the Ravens play the buffalo bills?
What date was the week 10 game?
What was the school type for Los Angeles, California?
What were the dates for Honolulu, Hawaii in Kindergarten?
What is the highest Pick that has a round greater than 6 and an overall greater than 216?
What is the highest round that has an overall of 143 and a pick greater than 6?
What was the session at the circuit of lowes motor speedway?
Which session had a discipline of open wheel?
Which championship had a Circuit of le mans?
What was the discipline for the Championship of international championship for makes?
What was the session at the circuit of autodrom most?
What was the discipline for the euroboss championship?
what is the lowest played when the position is more than 9?
what is the average points when played is less than 16?
what is the highest points when position is higher than 6, lost is less than 12 and drawn is less than 1?
what is the sum of points when lost is less than 10, name is vfl denklingen and position is higher than 2?
WHAT IS THE WORST SCORE WHEN THE BEST SCORE WAS 8.8 AND AVERAGE WAS LARGER THAN 6.2?
WHAT IS THE TOTAL AVERAGE WITH A PLACE SMALLER THAN 1?
WHAT IS THE HIGHEST PLACE AND BEST SCORE BIGGER THAN 10?
Can you tell me the High points that has the Date of january 31?
Can you tell me the Score that has the Game of 40?
What was Lee Trevino's score?
What was the highest grid for Patrick Carpentier?
Who has the lowest laps with 29 points on 1 grid?
What is the location and attendance of the game with a game number greater than 7 and a record of 5-2-1?
What is the location and attendance of the game with a 3-1-0 record?
Who is the opponent of the game with a game number less than 5 with a 2-0-0 record?
What Frequency's Branding is Your Cure for Corporate Radio?
What is the Format of AM 980?
What is the Branding of the Frequency owned by Sound of Faith Broadcasting Group?
What is FM 99.9's Format?
What is the Format of the Frequency CJBX-FM?
What is the Call sign of the Frequency 106.9 the X?
Which Score has an Opponent of @ buffalo sabres?
How many Points have a Date of march 19, 2009?
What time is CDT when EDT is 4:55 a.m.?
What is the time for PDT when CDT is 6:38 a.m.?
What time is CDT when PDT is 3:17 a.m.?
What time is MDT when EDT is set and PDT is 6:00 a.m.?
Which Finals has a A-League of 0 6, and a Pre-Season larger than 0?
Which Pre-Season has a A-League of 0 1, and a Finals larger than 0?
What is the highest Taper (in/ft), when Size is 8?
What is the date for week 15?
What is the total attendance for Candlestick Park?
Who was the opponent on april 26, 2003?
What was the result on week 1?
What was the result of the game that took place on april 26, 2003?
What was the result of the week that was a bye before week 6?
What is the lowest number of districts (kecamatan) in the north sulawesi province with more than 1,510 villages?
What is the sum of the number of districts (kecamatan) in the geographical unit of java with more than 4 recencies (kabupaten) and less than 8,577 villages?
Which score was associated with an attendance of 275?
What was the lowest attendance by the game that had an away team of Vida?
Who was the away team that had attendance under 2614 and a home team of Victoria?
Who was the home team for the game with Platense as the away team and attendance under 529?
What was the attendance for the game with an away team of Hispano?
Which home has an attendance of 507?
What was the total attendance for the 3:1 game?
How many goals against were scored when the points were smaller than 13, the wins were smaller than 3, and the goals for were smaller than 15?
What was the highest position when the wins were higher than 4 and the points were lower than 11?
When the goals against were higher than 30, what was the average number of draws?
How many wins happened when there were fewer than 2 draws?
How many goals against were scored when the position was higher than 1 and the played was higher than 10?
What year were the Grizzlies in Providence?
What player from the United States played for the Grizzlies from 1997-1998?
Which player played for the Grizzlies from 1997-1998?
Who won the men's ski jump when the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 1980?
With the Winter Olympics was 1960, what was the country?
What was the Winter Olympics was Japan as the country?
The winner Arnfinn Bergmann has what under country?
When the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 1962, 1964 what was the Holmenkollen?
What is the total number of Money ( $ ), when To Par is "13", and when Player is "Julius Boros"?
What is Player, when Money ( $ ) is less than 387, and when Score is "73-76-74-72=295"?
What is the total number of To Par, when Money ( $ ) is less than 387, and when Player is "Al Brosch"?
What is Place, when To Par is less than 15, and when Score is 76-72-75-71=294?
What is Player, when Country is "United States", when Money ( $ ) is greater than 387, and when Score is "75-74-74-70=293"?
WHAT IS THE RECORD FOR THE GAME SMALLER THAN 31?
WHAT IS THE GAME ON SEPTEMBER 13?
Which team had more than 10 wins with a champion of Mat Mladin?
Which team had 2 wins and a season later than 1986?
What was the score for Team 1 of Stade Lavallois (d1)?
What was team one name for the Team 2 of Toulouse Fc (d1)>?
What was the name of the Team 1, where the Team 2 was Stade De Reims (d2)?
What was teh score of the game where Toronto was the home team on January 28?
What is listed for the High rebounds on the Date of March 31?
What is the Record for the Team of Indiana?
What's the Score for the Game of 75?
Which Release date has a Required OS of windows, a Type of 2d, and a Developer(s) of zeonix?
Which Payment has a Type of 2d, and a Release date of january 2003?
Which Payment has a Type of text, and a Release date of 26 september, 2003?
Which Type has a Release date of november 30, 1997?
Which Release date has a Type of 2d?
Which Release date has a Developer(s) of microsoft research?
what is the meet when the event is flying 200 m time trial?
what is the record when the event is 1 km time trial?
what is the place when the event is 4000 m individual pursuit?
what is the place when the event is 4000 m individual pursuit?
what is the meet when the date is 3 august 2012?
Which Year has a Position of 4th?
Which Event has a Competition of chicago marathon, and a Year larger than 2004?
WHich Venue has a Year larger than 2003, and a Position of 10th?
Name the Venue which has a Position of 5th?
What is the Place 2 Player?
What Player has a +3 To par?
What is the Place of Player with To par of +6 and Score of 78-70-74=222?
What is the Country of the Player with a Score of 75-70-74=219?
What is the Country with the T3 Place Player with a Score of 71-76-71=218?
In what event is the opponent Joe Nameth?
What is the record when the loss was to Alex Hunter in round 1?
What is the method when the opponent is Andre Roberts?
What is the round when the opponent is Andre Roberts?
What is the round when the loss came with a record of 2-4?
How many rounds was the fight with a decision by submission (punches)?
Who played against the Celtics on Sat. Feb. 23?
Who played against the Celtics when the final game score was 85-102?
What game was the final score 82-79?
What is the highest value for Game, when Points is 16, when Date is November 11, 2008, and when Attendance is greater than 19,289?
What is Date, when Points is 13, and when Location is RBC Center?
What is Surface, when Score in Final is 3-6, 6-3, 6-2?
What is Championship, when Outcome is "runner-up", and when Opponents In Final is "Gigi Fernández Natalia Zvereva"?
What is Opponents in Final, when Partner is "Jill Hetherington", and when Year is after 1988?
What is Surface, when Opponents, when Final is "Gigi Fernández Robin White"?
What is Outcome, when Championship is Australian Open, and when Year is before 1994?
What is the sum of Year(s), when Championship is "Australian Open", when Outcome is "Runner-Up", and when Score in Final is 3-6, 6-3, 6-2?
What iwas the attendance of the game that took place on december 6, 1998?
What was the date of week 3?
On what date was the opponent the Miami Dolphins?
Which week was the team's bye week?
What was the result of the week 13 game?
What is the range (varies by payload weight) for Shahab-4?
What is the range (varies by payload weight) for the unknown player?
What is the payload for Class MRBM, and a range of 1,930km?
What is the name/designation for Operational Status and a range of 1,930km?
What is the name/designation for the under development status?
What is the name/designation for the 1200kg payload?
Which Venue has an Event of marathon, and a Year larger than 1995, and a Position of 4th?
Which Position has an Event of 10,000 m, and a Competition of world championships, and a Year larger than 1993?
WHAT TEAM HAD A 28 PICK?
HOW MANY ROUNDS HAD A PICK OF 7?
Which Grid has Laps smaller than 22, and a Bike of honda cbr1000rr, and a Rider of luca morelli?
Which Grid has a Time of +13.999?
Which Grid has a Rider of loic napoleone?
What is 4zr's callsign?
What is the On-air ID of the broadcaster at frequency 0 801?
4tab of commercial broadcaster Radio Tab broadcasts at what frequency?
What band does 4cca use?
What is the On-air ID of FM broadcaster 4nsa?
The community station broadcasting at frequency 0 96.9 is in what band?
What was the original name for the song performed by Brad Kavanagh?
What is the original name of the song performed in Swedish?
What was the original name of the Spanish song in Spain?
What is the result for 1989 that has a 1992 result of 0 / 1?
For what tournament is the 1990 0 / 4?
What is the 1988 result that has a 1994 result of A, and 3r as the 1987 result?
With a 1992 result of A, and at the U.S. Open Tournament, what is the 1989 result?
What are the 1994 results with a career SR of 0 / 3?
What result in 1994 has a SR as the tournament?
What is the most recent year with a position of 3rd?
What is the venue when the result was position of 17th?
What is the lowest total that has 1977 as the year (s) won?
How many totals have andy north as the player?
What country has 302 as the total?
How much money does player ben crenshaw, who has a t4 place, have?
What is the country of player curtis strange?
What is the score of the United States, which has more than $24,542?
What is the Margin, when Date is 19 July 2008 (Round 19)?
What is the Winning Team, when Losing Team is South Sydney Rabbitohs?
What is the Venue, when the Score is 56-4?
What is Busan's rank?
What is the total population for the 3,616km area?
What was the order of succession for the department of education?
What was the highest 2007 budget when the order of succession was 3?
During what wicket were Mahela Jayawardene and Thilan Samaraweera batting partners?
What batting team played in Karachi?
Which batting team had 624 runs?
What batting team played in Chittagong in 2003?
Which fielding team had 1st wicket?
Where did the west indies batting team play at?
What is the highest November date that has a game under 19 and opponents of the Minnesota North Stars?
What is the total number of games that led to a record of 12-4-2 after November 22?
What manufacturer made 6 and preserved 1?
How many did alco -schenectady preserve of class b-3?
What manufacturer made class b-2?
What is the time (GMT) for the 4A Serial?
What is the time (GMT) for the 12A Serial?
What is the sum of the round of Fred Smoot, who has a pick number greater than 14?
What position does the player from Mississippi state play?
What is the highest pick of the wr player with an overall less than 15?
What Country scored 72-65-73=210?
What country has Dave Barr as a player?
In what place did Dave Barr score?
What was Raymond Floyd's score?
What Country scored 70-68-70=208?
What was the record when the TKO (elbows) method was used?
What is IATA, when City is "Alexandria"?
What is Airport, when Country is "Egypt", and when ICAO is "Heba"?
What is City, when Country is "Kuwait"?
What is IATA, when ICAO is "Hesh"?
What is Country, when ICAO is "Hesh"?
What is City, when IATA is "amm"?
If Notre Dame had a pick larger than 5, what's the overall pick?
Which college had a pick of under 5?
What was Ralph Shoaf's pick number?
What is Score, when Place is "T9", and when Player is "Jeff Sluman"?
What is Country, when Player is "Scott Dunlap"?
What is To Par, when Country is "United States", when Place is "T4", and when Score is "71-68=139"?
What is Score, when Player is "Jeff Maggert"?
What is Place, when Player is "Justin Leonard"?
What is Score, when Place is "T4", and when Player is "Scott Hoch"?
Which Multiplier has a Front Side Bus of 200 mhz, and a Frequency of 1200 mhz?
Which Frequency has a Socket of socket 370, and a Model Number of c3 1.4a?
Which Frequency has a Model Number of c3 1.4a?
Which L2-Cache has a Frequency of 1333 mhz, and a Model Number of c3 1.3a?
Which Front Side Bus has a Voltage of 1.4 v, and a Frequency of 1333 mhz?
Which Frequency has a Multiplier of 6×?
Which Year has a Returned On of march 10, 2013?
Which Ship has a Year larger than 2013?
When did TDB depart?
Which Returned On has a Year of 2011?
From how many years did tampa, FL depart?
Can you tell me the sum of Laps that has the Manufacturer of kawasaki, and the Grid smaller than 7?
Can you tell me the sum of Grid that has the Laps of 30, and the Rider of toni elias?
When was the opponent Bye?
Which opponent was on week 2?
Which Former Team has a Pick larger than 20?
Which Player has a Pick larger than 20?
Which Position has a Pick smaller than 14, and a Player of tyrone bogues?
Which Position has a Player of bernard thompson?
Which Nationality has a Former Team of denver nuggets?
Which Player has a Pick larger than 2, and a Position of forward?
Which team did they play on March 11?
Who had the high rebounds, and how many, when they played Denver?
WHAT PICK HAD STEVE HAMILTON IN ROUND LARGER THAN 2?
WHAT WAS THE OVERALL NUMBER WITH A POSITON OF DB, AND ROUND GREATER THAN 8?
What is chris jones' location?
Who has a date of october 11, 2008?
What's the highest reign on march 10, 2007?
What was the competition for goal 8?
Which venue had more than 9 goals and a final result of 4-1?
What was the record for game 59?
How much was paid to Andy North when he placed t10?
Where did Calvin Peete of the United States place?
What is the number of goals when the position is DF, the nationality is England, and the Crewe Alexandra career is 1948–1951?
What is the position when the Crewe Alexandra career is 1988–1990, with 31 goals?
What is the total number of Goals with a nationality of England, and position of DF, and a Crewe Alexandra career is 1958–1962, and less than 170 appearances?
what is the score when the date is february 3?
what is the game when the opponent is new york knickerbockers?
what is the score on february 18?
what is the game when the opponent is @ chicago stags?
what is the score on february 16?
Total number of laps at a time of +56.977?
What is Release Date, when Format is CD, and when Title is Tsar Wars?
What is Title, when Doctor is 06 Sixth Doctor, and when Company is Big Finish?
What is Doctor, when Format is CD, and when Title is The Relics Of Time?
What is Release Date, when Title is Aladdin Time?
What is Title, when Release Date is 2011-12-01 December 2011?
What is the lowest Share, when Rating is greater than 1.3, and when Air Date is May 28, 2008?
What is the total number of Rating(s), when Air Date is June 25, 2008, and when Share is greater than 3?
What is the total number of Rating(s), when Weekly Rank is 76/88?
How many times did the team with an average start of 18.9 make the top 10?
What was the attendance of the game in week 13?
When did Sydney Barnes debut in England?
What is the sum of points with more than 5 losses and more than 14 played?
Which name was in a position less than 4 with 2 losses?
Which name has more than 14 points with less than 1 draw?
What is the largest number played with 16 points in a position over 4?
What is the lowest heat for the United states with a mark of 51.85 pb and lane higher than 6?
What is the average lane racheal nachula has when the heat is less than 2?
What is the average heat that has 52.83 sb mark and lane less than 4?
What is Record, when November is less than 10, and when Game is less than 13?
What example for did- is shown for a Consonant final stem of -ø?
What was the Stadium against Bye?
What was the Attendance on November 26?
What was the Week on December 17?
What was the Result on September 24?
What Stadium had a Result of w 20–16?
Which College has a Round of 11, and a Pick of 14?
Which Name has a Round smaller than 11, and a Pick of 13?
Which Overall has a Round larger than 7, a Pick larger than 13, and a Name of tony hall?
Which College has a Round of 11, and a Position of wr?
WHAT IS THE MUSIC WITH SAMBA?
What is the hometown of Devon Bookert who is 6-3 tall?
What is raymond floyd's lowest $?
Which Player has a Score of 67-72-71-75=285?
Which money is the highest one that has a To par of –1, and a Score of 73-70-73-71=287?
Which To par has a Score of 67-72-71-75=285?
What was Spain's score?
Which country is Jay Haas from when he had a to par of E?
Which country had a score of 72-67=139?
Which player was from England with a to par of +1?
What was the to par when the score was 69-69=138?
What was the to par when South Africa was in T4 place?
What is Location, when Result is 28-21?
What is Date, when Location is Polo Grounds, when Winner is Philadelphia Eagles, and when Year is 1948?
What is Year, when Location is Philadelphia Municipal Stadium?
What is Winner, when Location is Connie Mack Stadium, and when Year is 1946?
What is Date, when Result is 16-0?
What is Result, when Year is 1948, and when Date is November 7?
Who did the Rangers play in a game that was later than 72 when the team record was 39-27-9?
What was the score at the game earlier than 66?
What's the largest number of Gold medals won when bronze won are 2 and total won are over 7 by Hungary?
What's the average amount of Gold medals won when there were more than 1 silver medal won and less than 2 bronze medals won.
With a gain of 1,380, what is the highest Avg/G?
When Thomas Clayton had a gain less than 71, what was the highest long value?
What is the date of the game where Inter Milan was the opponent.
What is the most lanes used that had a winner from Ireland?
What is the total number of lanes used for races with winners from Austria?
What is the most lanes used in races with more than 1 heat and a winning mark of 7.25?
What is the mark set by Laura Turner?
What score did John Mahaffey have?
What was the nationality of the player with a score of 72-72-67=211?
What place did Keith Clearwater get?
Who was the away team at the Football Park match?
In which round was Jerry Butler chosen?
What was the result of the dance which had a style of contemporary jazz?
Can you tell me the sum of the Pick # that has the CFL Team of edmonton?
Can you tell me the sum of Pick # that has the Position of sb, and the College of minnesota?
Can you tell me the Position that has the CFL Team of toronto?
What is the name of the incumbent for Glenn Nye?
Who was the other party nominee that ran against Democratic Rick Boucher?
Who is the other party nominee for district 3?
The Home team of Sydney had which ground?
What were the Away team Kangaroos Crowd totals?
When the Ground was Optus Oval, what is the Home team score?
what is the tournament when the court surface is clay and began in 1892?
what is the location when began is before 1990 and the country is france?
what is the court surface when the tournament is paris masters?
what is the tournament when the country is united states?
what is the earliest began when the court surface is clay in hamburg?
Which country placed t5?
How did Tim Herron place?
Which player placed t10?
At what event did he fight takaharu murahama?
When the match lasted 2:16 how was it decided?
What is the highest urban population for Guangxi province?
What is the urban population for the city of Fuzhou?
What is the area (in km2) for theewaterskloof, whose population in 2011 was less than 108,790?
What is the area in km2 for Cape Agulhas, whose density is larger than 9.4 inhabitants/km2 and whose population in 2011 was less than 33,038?
What was the score when the opponent was Montreal Canadiens?
What was the record on December 3?
Who was the opponent in Game 27?
Who was the opponent on December 1, before Game 28?
What's the population of durham parish?
What's the total area in kilometers of the parish addington?
Which Studio has a Director of oliver stone?
Which Director has a Rank of 12?
Which Gross has a Studio of mgm?
Who was the Builder for the locomotive that has a works number of 323?
Which side has Vischer as the inscription?
What is the inscription with John Vanbrugh listed as the identification?
Which side has Orcagna as the inscription?
Which group has David D'Angers as the official history?
What is the name of the inscription where Virgil is listed as the identification?
Which side has Ludovico Carracci listed as the identification?
What is the sum number of round with Nebraska as the college and the overall greater than 40?
What is the minimum pick that drafted Pat Shires, with a round greater than 29 and an overall greater than 328?
Where did Celestino Tugot place?
What is Doug Ford's country?
What was Ben Hogan's par?
What is Tommy Bolt's place?
What place had a score smaller than 74 and a par of e?
What was the time/retired for the car raced by Simone Grotzkyj?
Who was the manufacter of the car with a time/retired of +0.122?
Who is the manufacturer of the car driven by Bradley Smith?
Who is the driver of the car that started in grid 14?
Who is the driver of the car manufactured by ktm, who started in grid 1.
What was the time/retired of the car that started in grid 4?
What is the To par of the Player from Spain?
What is the Money of the T4 Place Player with a Score of 71-66-74-67=278?
What is the Money of the Player with a Score of 71-66-74-67=278?
What is the IUCN for the gales point reserve when the Est. is 1998?
What is the IUCN for the Cockscomb Basin reserve when the Est. is less than 1998?
What is the total number of Game, when High Assists is "Rajon Rondo (6)"?
What is Record, when High Points is "Ray Allen (20)"?
What is Record, when High Points is "Ray Allen (27)"?
What is Team, when Date is "March 27"?
What is High Assists, when Team is "Oklahoma City"?
What is Score, when High Assists is "Rajon Rondo (12)", and when High Points is "Paul Pierce (27)"?
WHICH 2/3 (P) has a Verb of khêla?
What is the cumulative time (min and seconds) that has more than 6 seconds in shuttle time and a total level time of 64.8 seconds?
What is average December when game is 30?
Which opponent has a game larger than 23, December larger than 8, and record of 8-10-7?
What was the aveg/g for the qb with the Att-Cmp-Int of 117–215–6?
What was the total effic for the quarterbacks?
what was the att-cmp-int for the qb with an effic of 127.89?
Who is the challenge leader that played on 9:30 pm on Wed., Nov. 28?
What is the location of the game that was televised on ESPNU at 7:15 pm on Tue., Nov. 27?
In which tournament was the opponent Lauren Embree?
What was the score on 19/08/2012?
What was the outcome of the match on 01/07/2007?
What status has 10 as the population?
What status has an area km 2 less than 27.82, with 352 as the population?
What status has an area km 2 greater than 10.9, with 4,674 of 5,008 as the census ranking
What is the lowest population that has Big Hole Tract 8 (south) as the official name, with an area km 2 greater than 27.82?
What is the highest up:down ratio with 4 mbit/s upstream?
What is the upstream with a 150 gb monthly cap?
Which location has a Score of 3–2, and a Record of 3–2–3?
Which score has a Date of october 29, 2008?
What is the year when the course is sunset ridge cc?
what is the score at Olympia fields, illinois?
what is the course at midlothian, illinois for a year before 1934?
Where is runner-up Betsy Rawls from?
What was the Venue on November 14, 2007?
What was the Score on November 10, 2007?
What was the Competition on November 16, 2007?
What was the surface tye during the match with the opponent of richard fromberg?
What was the championship during the match with the opponent of richard fromberg?
What was the surface type during the match with the score of 6–4, 7–6 (7-5)??
Who did wilson reis fight against that lasted less than 3 rounds with a time of 1:02?
Which Meet has a Time of 3:50.65?
Which Time has an Event of 200 m butterfly?
Which Meet has a Club of centro de natacon carabobo?
Which Location has a Time of 4:13.48?
Which Date has a Time of 1:00.59?
Which Location has a Club of delfines ucv?
Which name has notes b and the game of tennis?
Which lifetime has alan gendreau?
What was the hometown/high school of 170 pound player tyler wilson?
What position did kyle mckenzie play?
Which date has a Week larger than 5, and an Attendance of 54,803?
Which date  has a Week smaller than 14, and an Opponent of san francisco 49ers?
Which opponent has a week smaller than 15, and a Result of l 23-17?
Which date has an Opponent of bye?
Which date has a Result of l 25-13?
What capital has an area of 2166086?
Which Pinyin has a County of changhua?
Which County has a Chinese of 新竹?
Which Pinyin has a Chinese of 臺南?
Which County has a City of changhua?
What is taipei's lowest 2010 population?
What was Diego Saraiva's record when he fought for 3 rounds against danny suarez?
What event did Diego Saraiva fight jorge gurgel?
How many games had Montreal Canadiens as an opponent?
What was the time when the method was TKO?
How many rounds was the fight when the record was 4-0?
Who was the opponent when the round was more than 2?
Can you tell me the average Game that has the Team of @ boston?
Can you tell me the Team that has the Date of march 17?
What is the record with the opponent as Carlton Jones?
What is the percentage of votes received by the party of family rights?
What is the % of seats where the difference is 0.25?
What is the % of seats where the difference is 0.19?
Who was No. 8 when No. 10 Jackson and No. 5 Mason?
Who was No. 5 when No. 6 Mason and No. 10 Jackson?
Who was No. 8 when No. 1 Michael and No. 4 Logan?
Who was No. 9 when No. 5 Mason and No. 3 Aiden?
Who was No. 3 when No. 5 James and No. 6 Mason?
Smaller than 37, the highest year for Ford?
Lowest finish for ganassi at smaller than 19 start for smaller than 2004 year?
What is Method, when Event is "Reality Submission Fighting 2"?
Which Votes has a Governorate of hewler?
What is the average draws with less than 3 wins and more than 5 points?
What is the average number of goals with more than 9 points, less than 14 goals against, and a goal difference less than 17?
What is the average number of wins with less than 10 goals?
What is the lowest position with a -22 goal difference and more than 5 points?
What is the Title, when the Composer(s) is Sakdatorn, and when the Arranger(s) is Jitrakorn Mongkoltham?
What is the Title, when the Lyricist(s) is Yarosake, and when the Composer(s) is Yarosake?
What is the Length, when the Composer(s) is Sakdatorn, and when the Arranger(s) is Jitrakorn Mongkoltham?
Who is/are the Composer(s), when the Arranger(s) is Banana Boat, and when the Length is 4:25?
Who is/are the Composer(s), when the Arranger(s) is Banana Boat, and when the Length is 4:25?
What i the try bonus with 12 losses?
What was the losing bonus for the 20 played, and 353 points?
What was the played with 38 tries?
What are the tries for a club of a club?
What is the loss with 319 points?
Who was the runner(s)-Up to winner Sarah Brice?
What season had bachelor Byron Velvick?
What was the season that the runner -up was Tenley Molzahn?
Who was the runner-up for the show that premiered on March 25, 2002?
Who was the leading scorer on the game played on February 25?
What was the visiting team that had a record of 26-18?
What was the score for the game played between Cleveland and Orlando at Cleveland?
What was the visiting team for the game that ended 82-75?
who were the semifinalists for the tournament in montreal?
Who was the finalist for the tournament in berlin?
What type of surface was played at the tournament in berlin?
Where was the tournament where monica seles was the finalist who played on a hard surface?
Who is the away team against the home team Hartlepools United?
Who is the away team against the home team Ashington?
What is the score for the away team, Ipswich Town?
What date did the away team Mansfield Town play?
What was the score fore the away team Dartford?
What date did the away team Bristol Rovers play?
What is the Brigade, when the Type is Rural, and when the value for Tankers is 1?
What is the Hazmat, when the Type is Rural, and when the number of Tankers is 1?
Which country had the first store in the year 2007?
What year was the first store that had a hypermarket of 3?
What year was the first store in India?
Can you tell me the average Attendance rhat has the Opponent of dunfermline athletic?
Can you tell me the average Attendance that has the Scorers of steven, johnston, walters, mccoist, i.ferguson?
What number has 0 steals and less than 32 points?
What was the overall score when the score for set 3 is 21–25?
What is the set 1 score when the total is 85–101?
On what date was the score for set 3 22–25?
What is the overall score when the set 2 score is 25–18?
What is the score for set 1 when the score for set 3 is 22–25?
What Player had a Score of 70-69-75=214?
With a To par of +4, what is Andy Bean's Score?
What is the To par of the T5 Place Player with a Score of 71-68-76=215?
What is the Place of the Player with a To par of +4 and Score of 70-76-71=217?
What is the Score of the T3 Place Player?
What is the Country of the Player with a To par of –1?
In what year was Luxembourg Host?
When Iceland gets the Silver, who gets the Bronze?
What is the maximum rank when there is 0 gold, and the bronze is less than 4, and the silver is greater than 1, and 2 as the total?
Rank 14 with a total greater than 1 has what as the average bronze?
How many medals under total when silver is less than 2, gold is 3, and bronze is less than 0?
What is the fewest total when silver is 0, and gold is less than 1, and rank is less than 13?
What is the total rank where the total is less than 5, and bronze is less than 0?
What place was the player hailing from Zimbabwe in?
What was the score of Bernhard Langer after 3 rounds?
How many Goals for were recorded when there was a percentage smaller than 0.519 and points greater than 65?
How many games were recorded with Goals for number of 215?
what is the to par when the player is jack nicklaus?
what is the lowest money ($) when the place is t2 for player johnny miller?
what is the to par when the score is 69-70-72-72=283?
What was the venue when the result was 3-2?
What competition had a score of 3-0, and a result of 4-1?
Which Tie no that has an Away team of altrincham?
When has a Score of 0–1, and a Tie no of 3?
When has a Tie no of 15?
Which Away has a Tie no of replay, and a Score of 2–0?
Name the Score on 17 december 1979?
Name the Home team of tranmere rovers?
what is the area when the census ranking is 2,290 of 5,008?
What is the population when the area km2 is 173.4?
what is the census ranking when the area km 2 is 173.4?
WHAT IS THE FRANCE WITH PEOPLE UNDER 18 OF SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA?
WHAT IS THE PARIS WITH A FRANCE OF 1.4%?
WHAT IS THE VAL-DE-MARNE WITH A Seine-Saint-Denis of 2.7%?
WHAT IS A Seine-Saint-Denis WITH A PARIS OF 12.1%?
WHAT IS Val-de-Marne WITH Seine-Saint-Denis of 4.0%?
What was the score for the match at the tournament in canada f7, toronto?
Who were the opponents that played on a hard surface on July 13, 2008?
What type of surface was played on when the score was 2–6, 6–1, [10–5]?
What type of surface was played on July 27, 2013?
What party was the member peter howson part of?
Who was the electorate when the member was rex connor?
What was the term of office for noel beaton?
What was the term of office for the electorate warringah?
What is the total number of people in attendance when the game was at TD Banknorth Garden, in a game higher than 31?
What state is Wesson in?
What is the College/Junior/Club Team (League) when the position is rw, and the player is Don Murdoch?
What is the position when the round is less than 2?
What is the nationality when Claude Periard is the player?
What is the lowest round for the player Claude Periard?
When did the consort who had talal i as a spouse die?
Who was the spouse of the consort who was born as rania al yassin?
When the Overall is under 102, what's the round played?
What is the highest Week, when Date is "November 8, 1970"?
What is the lowest Attendance, when Date is "December 20, 1970", and when Week is less than 14?
What is Opponent, when Week is "5"?
What is the place with the 68 score?
what is the voltage when release date is june 2001 and frequency is 1.13ghz?
what is the part number(s) when l2 cache is 512 kb, release date is june 2001 and sSpec number is sl5lv, sl5pu, sl6bw, sl6jm?
What is the L2 Cache when the Part Number(s) is rk80530pz014256?
What is the Release Date when sSpec Number is sl5xl, sl657, sl6by, sl6jp?
What is the Socket when the Part Number(s) is rk80530pz001256?
what is the semifinalists when the surface is hard (i)?
what is the surface when the winner and score is gustavo kuerten 6-4, 7-5, 7-6(6)?
who is the winner and score for the week of august 9?
what is the surface for the week of october 25?
who is the winner and score for finalist sébastien grosjean?
what is the week when the finalist is marcelo ríos?
What country did Chris Witty represent?
On what day was the record set at the 2002 Salt Lake City games with a time of 3:57.70?
Who set the record in the 500 metres event?
When was the attendance 3686?
What is the away team whose home is Victoria?
What was the attendance when the away team was Real Espana?
Where is nac breda club located?
Ron Jans is a manager of which kit maker?
Which manager sponsor arke shirt?
Which kit maker have Trond Sollied as a manager?
Who is the manager of club fc twente?
What is the date of the game with 62 points?
Who was the home team on January 4?
What is Player, when Years With Spurs is 1988-95?
What is Height in Ft., when Years With Spurs is 1973-74?
What is Position, when School/Previous Club Team/Country is Kentucky?
What is Position, when Height in Ft. is 6-10?
What was the lowest fumble with an average of less than 5.7 and 236 yards?
What was Buck Pierce's highest average when there were less than 2 fumbles?
What is the census ranking for the community with an area smaller than 9.94 km2 and a population smaller than 817?
What is the area (in km2) for the community that has a status of village, a census ranking of 2,471 of 5,008, and a population of less than 748?
What is the area (in km2) for the village of Paquetville, with a population over 706?
Who had the high assists in Game 22?
On December 3, where was the game held and how many were in attendance?
Which venue is rank 3?
Which opponent played in 2001/02?
Which season is rank 4?
Which season has rank 2?
Which venue is rank 3?
What conference has 2009 as the season, with super leg final as the format?
What series has a season after 2008, super leg final as the format, and conference v as the conference?
Which series has a season prior to 2009?
What format has conference iii as the conference?
Round 3 with less than 54 for Round 4?
Round 4 for larger than 19 Round 1 and a 27 Round 2?
Round 3 with a round 4 of 50?
How much did the away team b3 score on August 12, 2014?
Which away team played on June 9, 2015 with a home team of f1?
Which Margin has a Winning score of –7 (71-72-67-71=281)?
Which Year has a Runner(s)-up of tammie green?
Which Year has a Winning score of –4 (69-72-70-69=280)?
What work was nominated at Rockferendum 2007 and got 1st place and got the award for best album?
What was the position that the nominated work La Quinta Esencia, which also won an award for best CD coverbox, won?
What was the type that had an award for song of the year and the position of 3rd place?
In what place is Phil Mickelson?
The score of 73-71-70=214 belongs to what country?
Which country has a score of 73-74-69=216?
Which team had Christoph John as an outgoing manager?
In what venue was the Batting team India who featured partners Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid?
In what venue did the fielding team Sri Lanka play?
What was the wicket ranking for the match featuring partners Mohammad Azharuddin and Ajay Jadeja and also a fielding team of Sri Lanka?
What was the wicket ranking for the match that had a fielding team of Sri Lanka?
What date was the game against inverurie loco works when more than 342 attend?
Which Score has a Date of july 20?
Which Score has a Date of may 20?
Which Result has a Score of 69-81?
Which Record has a Date of june 26?
Which Date has a Record of 6-6?
