Name the aspect ratio for smpte 259m and interlaced scanning
What date did the episode that was written by Fintan Ryan originally air?
What date did the epiode that had 1.37 million as the rating originally air?
What is the title of the episode no. 16 by season?
How many times did an episode with a production code of 12003 was aired?
Name the color analyst for terry bowden and 17.2
Name the number of bowl for lee corso, gene chizik and chip kelly
Name the studio analysts for espn with erin andrews and tom rinaldi
What is the highest series number with 9.17 million US viewers?
name the podiums for start of 22
Name the number of poles for fastest laps being 6
Name the least podiums for 2009
Name the starts for 2009
Name the most starts for 6 wins
How many matches were wickets 16?
What is the lowest wickets?
What is the 4wi when the economy is 7.82?
Who is the player when the bbi is 5/27?
What is the team when the economy is 5.73?
When Denizli was the province, what was the total number of valid votes?
What province had a turnout of 54.09%?
What is the model number for the order part numbered tmrm75dam22gg?
What is the oder part number for the model with 10x mult. 1?
How much ht does the model with 10x mult. 1 have?
What's the ht for the model released on June 4, 2008?
How many pole position achieved 0 points from Mexico?
Name the vcore for multi 11x
Name the number of v core for model number mobile athlon 64 3000+
Name the total number of points for for played
Name the total number of points for 46 tries for
Name the total number of club for lost being 16
Name the drawn for lost being 5 and tries for 89
Name the won for played being 22 and points against 511 and lost being 15
What aorist has bude in present tense?
Which aorist has imperfect form of bijasmo / bejasmo / besmo?
What is the pluperfect for the perfect si bio/la; bio/la si?
What was the event when suárez ( tri ) w 16–6 was round of 32?
What is the semifinals for the light flyweight event?
How many semifinals did ferhat pehlivan attend?
What is the round of 32 if the round of 16 is drenovak ( srb ) w 20–11?
When yakup şener is the athlete what is the round of 32?
What is the round of 32 for fatih keleş?
What is in 1st place when present is mogu?
what is 2nd when the pronoun is vi (you pl.)?
What is the R when the total is 1 and the position is fw?
What is the lowest league cup?
What is the position for the player becchio?
How many times was the r 4?
What is the parent for peak cima tosa?
What is the elevation for the peak wildspitze in Austria?
What is the elevation for number 39?
What is the col location for the location of france / italy?
What is the col location with a col height (m) of 1107?
Which location has an elevation of 3798?
What is the title when the catalog number is cal01 / 0091037137319?
How many times is the title am/pm callanetics?
How many times was the catalog number cal04 / 0091037553546?
how many times was the catalog number cal04 / 0091037553546?
how many times was the catalog number cal01 / 0091037137319?
how many times was the catalog number cal05 / 0091037137357?
who directed the episode that elaine ko wrote?
when was the episode with production code "2arg01" originally aired?
what is the title of the episode with production code "2arg09"?
when was the episode with production code "2arg24" originally aired?
What episode had a share percentage of 41.5%?
What date was the show's weekly ranking 12?
How many total itv viewers were there for the episode with official itv ratings of 10.24 million?
How many total itv viewers were there for the episode with official itv hd ratings of 1.12 million?
What were the official itv ratings in millions for the episode with a total of 8.53 million itv viewers
What were the official itv ratings in millions for semi-final 5?
What is the club when the chairman is roger lambrecht?
What is the team captain when the shirt sponser is quick?
Who is the chairman when the current manager is bob peeters?
What is the club when the shirt sponsor is e-lotto.be?
Who is the team captain when the club is k.f.c. germinal beerschot?
What is the varsity name of the university of mcgill university?
What is the soccer stadium with the varsity name is citadins?
What is the province where the soccer statium is terrain #2 of complexe sportif claude-robillard?
What is the province for with the stadium capacity of 5100?
What is the university where the soccer stadium is terrain #2 of complexe sportif claude-robillard?
When was the date of appointment by Hugo Broos?
How many times did outgoing manager Bart de Roover vacated a position?
Who was the outgoing manager of the team in 15th position that was sacked?
What was the team's position in table when Danny OST was the outgoing manager?
how many maximum # when viewers (m) is 8.01
How many outgoing managers were replaced by Bob Peeters?
Who replaced Michel Preud'homme?
What was the manner of departure for the manager of Cercle Brugge?
Who was the outgoing manager of Charleroi?
What sponsor has the head coach Samad Marfavi?
Which team has Ali Daei as head coach?
What is the kit maker for team foolad?
Who is the outgoing head coach when the incoming head coach is abdollah veysi?
When is the date of appointment when the position in table is 16?
How many times is the incoming head coach abdollah veysi?
What is the team with the date of vacancy 8 dec 2010?
What is the manner of departure when the incoming head coach is mohammad khakpour?
What is the original air date of the episode that was written by Rama Stagner?
For the #19 car, what was their finish position?
How many constructors had a grid of 13?
What was the maximum finish position of the car whose constructor was Joe Gibbs Racing, driven by Denny Hamlin?
List all titles with a 57 series number.
What's the highest season number with a series number of 47?
Who was the writer for season episode 7?
Name who directed when the viewers is 5.86
Where is lootos põlva from?
Who is the manager for lootos põlva?
Where is  lootospark from?
Who is the  pärnu manager?
Where is the team that is managed by richard barnwell from?
What is the home location for team flora tallinn?
How many viewers watched the episode written by shana goldberg-meehan & greg malins?
which number lists the production code as 2j5809
What position was Bob Lilly?
What are seasons by team for Pro Bowl appearances of the player who was an OL and had 11 appearances?
What position was the player who was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1980?
When was Will Shields inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame?
What is the fewest amount of Pro Bowl appearances any of the players had?
How many live births per year do people with a life expectancy of 65.1 have?
What period was the life expectancy at 62.4?
In what year is australia/oceania listed?
what was the elevation in september 2009?
what is the continent in which the country russia is listed?
what was the lowest elevation in april 2006?
what is elevation of tanzania?
what is the elevation of south america?
List the season above 241.0 that was handled by brad tanenbaum.
List the 1st air date for season 12.
List the series number for season 12.
How many years was the country Belgium?
What number-one single is performed by artist Pep's?
Where were the auditions held in the episode that aired on january 27, 2011?
In how many different audition cities were the Bridgestone arena auditions held?
When was the callback audition date for the audition city from the episode aired on February 2, 2011?
When were the callback auditions at Hilton Riverside Hotel held?
What was the callback venue for the audition city in the episode aired on January 20, 2011?
When were the callback auditions for the audition city in the episode aired on February 9, 2011?
How many episodes did Eve Weston write?
How many millions of US viewers watched the episode written by Jack Sanderson?
Name who wrote the production code 322
What is the television network with the television channel of Astro Pelangi & Astro Bintang?
What was the status of the series that was run by tv channel Mediacorp tv12 Suria?
What was the world rank by QS in 2013 for the University of Otago?
What was the world rank by ARWU in 2013 of the University of Tübingen?
How many episodes have 18.73 million viewers?
What was the result of the election for georgia's 3rd district?
Who was the incumbent from georgia's 8th district?
What was the result of the election with incumbent bob barr?
What was the result of the election with incumbent john lewis?
Who was the incumbent for the election in 1978?
Who are the judges in the Netherlands for the season airing 28 November 2011 – 24 December 2011?
What is the version aired on SBS 6 called?
What are the air dates of the show in ABS-CBN?
Who is the host on the series aired on 18 January 2012?
What is the name of the series with the unknown host?
What is every value for points per game if passing yards per game is 179.6?
What is every value for sacks if interceptions is 19?
What is every value for passing yards per game if rushing yards per game is 113.6?
What is every value for rushing yards per game if sacks if 25?
What is every value for rushing yards per game if the season is 1984?
How many seasons have a sacks of 39?
Name the average for rank of 3
Name the total points for 2
What is the decision when the opponents are atlanta thrashers?
How many game entries are there when the points are 57?
What is the smallest año?
How many premio are there when "Artist of the Year" was the categoria?
What was the resultado when E.E.U.U was the country?
What was the categoria when E.E.U.U was the country?
When the año was 2012, who was the county?
Name who wrote the episode by lawrence trilling
Name the air date for alex taub
How many games were numbered 69?
How many times did they play the pittsburgh penguins?
What is the earliest quarterfinal week when the genre is dancing and the act is 32?
What is the quarterfinal week for Austin Anderson?
What is the genre for the group with ages 29-30?
What is the age of the act who is a rapper?
What is the hometown of Plutonic?
How many semi-final weeks are there for acts from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania?
What was the margin of victory for the event in lake forest, illinois?
What was zach johnson's score to par?
What was the winning score at bellerive country club?
How many courses are located in carmel, indiana?
How many status figures does James Finch have?
What is the car make for Sterling Marlin?
What is the finish position for cars by Pontiac driven by Bobby Hamilton?
who are the participants that wear clothing in 33-23-36
what is the oldest and lives in veraguas
where is the participant marelissa him from
which company has a person that can wear clothing in 33-23-36
how tall is someone who is able to wear 33-24-35
If the best winning average is 7.3-71, what are the total points?
if the best run was 138, what is the amount of games lost?
If the games won are 5, what is the best winning average?
If the player is William Jakes, what are the total points?
If the grand average is 12.76-202, who is the player?
How many players had a best winning average of 20?
What was the October 22 record?
What was the 6-4 score's maximum attendance?
What was the score for game #1?
What was the record for the October 16 game?
What was the record in the game whose first star was J. Oduya?
What was the score of the game whose first star was O. Pavelec?
Who made the decision in the game played on December 26?
Where was the game seen by 10056 people played?
Who was the first star of the game with record of 17-11-5?
Who made the decisions in the game whose first star was V. Lecavalier?
What was the final score the game where the Thrashers over-all record went to 22-16-6?
Who got the decision in the game, when the final score was 1-7?
What date was M. Grabovski the first start of the game?
What was the record for the game where the opponent was the Carolina Hurricanes?
On which date was the record of 27-28-11 set?
Who made the decision on the game where the record was 29-28-12?
Who made the decision on the game where the record was 27-28-11?
Name the score for game 5
Name the most points for 1-3-1 record
Name the record for prudential center - 12,880
Name the number of record for  hp pavilion - 17,562
On how many days in October was the score 6-1?
What is the location and what was the attendance on those days when the score was 3-5-1?
How many times was the sabres record 2-5-1?
What was the location and attendance for game 41?
On what day of January was the record 10-29-2?
What are the most points scored in a game where the score was 1-2?
On what day in January was the record 15-29-3?
Against what team did the Islanders have a 5-18-5 record?
Against what opponent did the game end 5-4?
How many games were played against a team with a 9-19-6 record against the Islanders?
How many games did they play on october 9?
What is the lowest number of points for game 32?
What is the location and attendance total from the game on December 1?
Who directed the episode with 899000 viewers?
What is the smallest numbered episode in the series listed?
How many people watched episode number 13?
What episode number in the season was written by Greg nelson and directed by Keith samples?
What is the title of the episode with production code 102?
What is the original air date of # 6?
What is the original air date of the episode with 908000 viewers?
How many season premieres had 15.27 million viewers?
When was the season finale that ranked 20th?
What tv season year had 14.54 million viewers?
What episode number had 14.41 million viewers?
What is the minimum rnd at Laguna Seca?
Name the gt 2.0 winning team for sports 2.0 winning team for #16 trans ocean motors for castle rock
Name the results for #23 lotus
Name results for herb wetanson
What was the province if the electorate was Collingwood?
What was the province with an election date of 5 cannot handle non-empty timestamp argument! 1861?
Name the races for final placing being 5th
Name the post poles for 4 podiums
What was Barreto's song choice when the theme was samba?
What was Barreto's song choice where the original artist was Patricia Marx?
In which week # was the original artist of Barreto's song choice was Leila Pinheiro?
When did the earliest tournament happened?
Who was Petrova's partner where she scored 6–2, 3–6, 6–7 (7-9)?
Who were Petrova's opponents with Vania King?
Who wrote the episode with the production code 211?
What is the maximum production code of the episode directed by Sean McNamara?
How many audition city's are there with an episode air date of June 24, 2010?
List all episode air dates that auditioned at Nego Quirido Sambadrome?
List all episode air dates where Luiza Possi was the guest fourth judge?
How many episode air dates are there for auditioning city Rio De Janeiro?
Where was the audition venue where Peninha was the guest fourth judge?
Which song was picked that was originally performed by Marisa Monte?
What was the result of the performance of the song by Caetano Veloso?
What was the order # of the theme Male Singers?
What was the theme when original artist Rosana's song was performed?
How many different weeks are there in order number 4 that were judge's choice?
What Marisa Monte song choice was song during top 5?
Who was the original artist of the Top 12 Men theme?
What was the result of the Top 12 Men theme?
What week number was the result bottom 3?
How many points per game did he have when he had 1.5 assists per game?
How many rebounds per game did he have at the 2006 fiba world championship?
How many rebounds per game did he have at the 2003 eurobasket?
How many assists per game did he have when he had 6.8 points per game?
which is the production code when the number of the episode in series is 87?
what is the number of the episode in the series whose production code is 405?
when was the premiere of the episode whose production code is 415?
who were the writers in the episode whose production code was 411?
who were the director of the episode whose number in the season is 17?
Name the currency for negotiable debt being 1300
Name the country that has the yen
Name the number of countries that have the us dollar
Name the country for the us dollar
How many teams have a head coach named mahdi ali?
How many captains have the kitmaker as n/a?
How many kitmaker correspond to team ittihad kalba?
What is the name of the captain when teh shirt sponsor is n/a?
How many captains when the shirt sponsor is toshiba?
Who is the chairman when teh captain is fawzi bashir?
Which season had f/laps is 0 and races is 2?
How many entries are there for points for the 6th position?
How many season are shown for the 2nd position?
What are the wins for the 7th position?
What is the position for the austria formel 3 cup series?
How many different PPI does the model with ppcm of 87 have?
What's the resolution of the model with a PPD of 69?
What is the IHSA music class for the mascot that is the lancers?
What is the IHSA cheerleading class for the enrollment of 2600?
What are the colors for the enrollment of 2020?
What is the smallest number for old membership total?
What is the lowest number of members lost when the  net change is −1?
What is the new membership total if the members lost is bigger than 1.0?
How many members were added at the nchc (men only) conference?
What was the new membership total at the nchc (men only) conference?
What is the outgoing manager when the incoming manager is štefan tarkovič?
How many dates of vacancy were on 30 october 2010?
What is the manner of departure when the date of vacancy is 28 september 2010?
What is the date of appointment when the date of vacancy is 24 november 2010?
What is the outgoing manager when the date of vacancy is 10 october 2010?
What is the table when the team is slovan bratislava?
how many people come to visit when the 1654 exhibitions
what is the most time where exhibitions is 1701
who had high points on march 14?
who had high rebounds at game 69?
Who were the 76ers opponents on January 17?
How many players held the high point records for game 34?
What the win - loss recored for January 7?
How many people led in points during the game on October 5?
Name the date for the palace of auburn hills 14,554
Name the least game for  l 109–116 (ot)
Name the high rebounds for charlotte
Name the high rebounds for wells fargo center 16,695
Who got the high rebounds if Brook Lopez (15) earned the high points?
Who got high assists for team @ Indiana?
How many record data were written when Devin Harris (6) was High Assists?
How many games were held on January 5?
Who had highest assists at the game against Houston?
what is the date of the game 23?
If the high points were by Anthony Morrow (24), what was the team?
In how many games were the high rebounds made by Derrick Favors (8)?
If the location attendance was Quicken Loans Arena 20,562, who had the High Assists?
Which game number was located in Prudential Center 15,086?
In how many games did Terrence Williams (9) have High assists?
What is the location and attendance of the game when gilbert arenas (9) had the high assists?
What is the date where the record was 18–12?
What is the date when  jameer nelson (10) had the high assists?
What is the record when jameer nelson (19) had the  high points?
What was the location and attendance on March 9?
How many games were numbered 13?
What was the team's record when they played minnesota?
What was the team's record on november 10?
Who had the high assists on March 26?
What was the season record when the team played against Milwaukee?
Who had the high points in game is 81?
What game number was played on april 8?
Who had the high rebounds on april 8?
Where did they play and how many attended game number 75?
Who did the high rebounds in the game against Boston?
Where was the game against Detroit played?
What was the date of game #3?
What was the name of the opposing team on the May 6 game?
How many data were given on 2010/2011 in Brazil?
how many overall goals were scored at moses mabhida stadium?
how many matches were played that average goals scored 1.25?
what is the minimum overall attendance where the goals scored were 19?
what is the elevation for port elizabeth?
what is the average attendance per match wheree the elevation is 1500 m?
What is the record for the date november 19?
Name the high points for w 90–77 (ot)
Name the team for december 18
Who had the high assists against detroit?
Who was the other team on march 27?
what was the game number where the record was 46–24?
What was the game number on march 27?
What is the largest game number?
How many high rebounds took place on December 8?
What are December 10's high points?
How many entries are shown for high rebounds for the philips arena 20,024 game?
Who was the opponent for the game with a score of w 94–88 (ot)?
What was the record for the location and attendance of american airlines arena 19,825?
What were the high points on April 8?
How many different items appear in the high rebounds column in game 80?
What was the date when Boston was the team?
Which game was played on October 13?
What is the location and attendance on October 18?
Who was the opposing team in game 6?
What game in the season does this list start?
What was the team's score against detroit?
How many games were held on March 12?
What was the team score when Tim Duncan (12) got the high rebounds?
Who was the high rebounder on game 1?
What was the score for series 2–3?
who are the directors of the episode that had 20.5 millions of north american viewers?
how many millions of north american viewers had the episode whose director was Michael Lembeck?
who are the writers of the episode whose production code(s) is 225560?
What is the last episode in the series written by Gregory S. Malins?
What was the broadcast date of episodes that were watched by 23.2 million viewers?
What is the maximum production code of an episode written by Patty Lin?
What is the episode number of the episode whose production code is 226407?
Wha episode number in the series had 24.8 million u.s. viewers?
What is the production code that had 24.8 million u.s. viewers?
What is the production code for the episode that had 23.9 million u.s. viewers?
Where was the game played where the record was 10-1?
What was the score for game 3?
How many records are there for the game on november 24?
What date was the game with a score of w 116–93 (ot)?
Who had the high assists when the score was w 107–95 (ot)?
who put on the show where the numbers were 227412
who put on the show where the numbers were 227424
Who was the high rebounds of team @ Detroit?
What was the location attendance when Andray Blatche (9) got high rebounds?
What was the game record on March 6?
Who got high rebounds when Jordan Crawford (27) got high points?
Who's in the high assists with a w 97–94 (ot) score?
What's the maximum game in the  javale mcgee (5) high rebounds?
What's the score in andray blatche (17) high points?
Who's in the high rebounds in the  verizon center 9,263 location attendance?
What's the location attendance of the milwaukee team?
What's the team number with John Wall (9) in high assists and a w 97–83 (ot) score?
Who had the highest assists during game 78?
What is the date where  john wall (11) had the high assists?
What is the team they played on november 25?
What is the record for the game on november 25?
Which team played them when andray blatche , javale mcgee (20) had the high points?
What was the score when andray blatche , al thornton (20) had the high points?
How many games are shown against Houston?
How many teams listed for game 45?
What was the score when the Celtics played Washington at home?
Who had the most assists and how many did they have on April 8?
Name the total number of record for 61
What was location and attendance for the game where the Celtics played San Antonio?
Name the score for denver
Name the high points for april 8
what was the location for charlotte?
who had high points on march 27?
What number was the first game?
Name the record for w 101–93 (ot)
Name the high rebounds for 81 game
Name the score for indiana
What was the location and attendance of the game against Dallas?
Who had the high rebounds when the record was 14–7?
How many people are listed for high rebounds on game 30?
What was the record when chris paul (16) had the high points?
What is the record when the score was l 84–96 (ot)?
Where was the game played when the record was 16–11?
Name the score for miami
Name the high assists for w 107–99 (ot)
What's the predecessor of the Ekavian word vreme?
What's the Ikavian translation of the Ijekavian word lijep?
What's the ijekavian translation of the ikavian word grijati?
Who had highest assists at game on December 21?
What location did the Mavericks play against Milwaukee?
What is the high rebound for June 9?
Who is the high rebound where game is 5?
What company plays on april 1?
Name the high points for l 110–112 (ot)
Name the location attendance for  l 105–123 (ot)
what date was game 29?
Who did the team play on january 9?
Who had the highest assists in game 75?
How many locations did the game that was on April 8 take place at?
what is the overall number of times when the calendar showed october 6
what is the most number where the calendar shows october 20
what are the times where the play is 5
What was the score in the game on November 21?
Who had the most points and how many did they have in game 11?
List records for game 29.
What record has  c. j. miles (20) in the high points?
Who in the high rebounds is in the honda center 15,625  location attendance?
Who is in the high points in the  @ l.a. clippers team?
What's the score in  al jefferson (24) high points?
What`s the score in October 7.
What's the location attendance of the  @ portland team?
Who had the high assist total on january 8?
Who had the high assists for game number 38?
How many games did they play on january 7?
What date did the Hawks play against Boston?
List the highest number of assists when zaza pachulia (6) had the most rebounds.
Which team was the opponent on october 21?
Who corned the most points for the game that ended with a score of l 85–94 (ot)?
what was the final score of the game where josh powell (13) scored the most points?
What's the record of the @ miami team?
How many records where in January 2?
What are the high rebounds in the  jamal crawford (20) high points?
What are the high rebounds in the 45 game?
What's the date of the new orleans team ?
What team has a score of  w 110–87 (ot)?
What was the game record if Marcus Camby (13) got the high rebounds?
Who did the high rebounds for the team Minnesota?
How many scores where achieved on January 19?
Who was the LMP2 winner when the LMP1 winning team was No. 20 Oryx Dyson Racing?
Who were the GT winning team when the GTC winning team was No. 54 Black Swan Racing?
Who were the GT winning team when the results were "report"?
what is the date the high assists was andre miller (7)?
What is the date the high points was lamarcus aldridge (36)?
What is the score when the team is milwaukee?
How many times was the high assists andre miller (7)?
How many times was the high rebounds by marcus camby (18)?
What is the date the high rebounds were by lamarcus aldridge (6)?
Who had the most assists and how many did they have in game 35?
Who had the most rebounds and how many did they have on January 19?
Which team played on April 9?
Which player scored the most points and how many were scored on November 6?
Who had the high assists on November 17?
Who had highest rebounds during game on March 12?
What was the rocket's record when they played against Indiana?
How many episodes in the season had production code of 175255?
What were the high points on March 25?
Who was the team on March 18?
What was the high points when the team was Washington?
What was the game number when the location attendance was the Palace of Auburn Hills 15,166?
What team did they play on april 6?
What numbered game did they play on april 5?
What numbered game did they play chicago?
Who had the most assists agains New Orleans?
For how many games on December 19 is there information on who scored the most rebounds?
What's the record in the game where Greg Monroe (8) did the high rebounds?
Who did the high rebounds in the game in which Rodney Stuckey (16) did the high points?
Who was the opponent in the game in which Austin Daye (16) did the most high points?
Where was the game in which Will Bynum (5) did the high assists played?
What is the team when the high assists was stephen curry (7) and the high points was monta ellis (27)?
What is the highest game number?
What is the score when the team is @ dallas?
Name the high rebounds for january 14
Name the number of score for january 12
Name the location attendance for  austin daye , tracy mcgrady , tayshaun prince (20)
Name the number of date for stephen curry , dorell wright (27)
Name the high rebounds for 77 game
What was the record after the game on November 10?
What is the score when the hight points is  Monta Ellis (29)?
How many teams have hight points listed as David Lee (31)?
What is the record when the high points is listed as Stephen Curry (32)?
What is the record when the date is January 7?
What is the date when the team is listed as New Orleans?
What was the team where Darren Collison (7) scored high assists?
When did the Roy Hibbert (27) did the high points?
In how many different games did Roy Hibbert (16) did the most high rebounds?
What was the score of the game in which Danny Granger (30) did the high points?
Who scored the most points when the Bucks played against Houston?
What date was game number 22 on?
How many people scored the most points during the game on December 10?
When the team is chicago what is the location attendence?
What is the score when the team is Orlando?
What was the score in the game on March 26?
What was the record when the Clippers played Philadelphia?
What location and attendance were there for game 5?
Which game did rudy gay (12) have the highest points?
How many high assists where there for the team of caja laboral?
Which game did marc gasol (10) have the high rebounds?
Who had the high assists on october 6?
Name the total number of high assists for  fedexforum 11,283
Name the most game for  us airways center 16,470
Who and what were the high points player for the game against Detroit?
How many times did the Centurions play the Rhein Fire?
Where did the Centurions play the Hamburg Sea Devils?
What time was the kickoff against the Frankfurt Galaxy?
How many total catches did the player with no. 46 have?
How did the manager who was replaced by Jakob Michelsen depart?
What was the AB team's position in table?
On what date did Kim Fogh replace the previous manager?
What was the vacancy date for Thomas Thomasberg?
Which manager was replaced by Thomas Thomasberg?
How many total dismissals did the player for Guyana have?
The player for what club had 2 tests?
What is the most amount of stumpings any player had?
What club did Cyril Christiani play for?
How many catches did Clifford McWatt have?
Name the points for top tens being 24 and ownder david pearson
Name the starts for bobby labonte
Name the poles for season 2006
What was the production code of the episode no. 55 in the series?
What was the production code of the episode with an audience of 14.79 million in the US?
Who directed the episode with an audience of 14.11 million?
What was the title of the episode with a production code of 3x6404?
Which school players have a number of 255
what educational institute does wes swinson attend
which part on the team does rick schuhwerk play
For college/junior/club team is brandon wheat kings (whl) mention all the player name
For player is jamal mayers mention the minimum pick
For player is john jakopin mention the total number of position
For nhl team is san jose sharks mention all the college/junior/club team
For player is adam wiesel mention all the college/junior/club team
How many values are displayed under pick for Vlastimil Kroupa?
How many positions does Janne Niinimaa play?
How many teams does Lee Sorochan play for?
What player belongs to the Chicago Blackhawks?
How many teams does Maxim Bets play for?
What was the minimum pick by the Florida Panthers?
What NHL team picked Ryan Meade for the draft?
What college team did Ryan Golden come from?
How many different nationalities is pick number 179?
What college  team did the pick for Pittsburgh Penguins come from?
What NHL team picked Tom White?
How many weeks in the top 10 was spent by a song performed by Peter Kay?
How long has the longest song spent in the top 10?
What college/junior/club team did dmitri gorenko play for?
What position does krylja sovetov (russia) play?
What position(s) does barrie moore play?
How many pac-12 sports are shown for california polytechnic state university?
When was the institution in boise, idaho founded?
Which conference did  boise state university play at?
When was the Titans founded?
Which institution was founded in 1932?
Which  institution was located in bakersfield, california?
Name the least games played for 6 points
who is the manufacturer is no.50?
Which episodes did Katie Palmer write?
What's the highest series number ?
when changsha 長沙 is the commandery what is the commandery capital?
When yidu 宜都 is the commandery what is the lowest number of countries?
When nanhai 南海 is the commandery what is the commandery capital?
When gaoliang 高涼 is the commandery what is the commandery capital?
What is the title of episode number 9-10?
How many million U.S. viewers wtched episode 69 of the series?
Who directed episode number 23 in the season?
What is the name of episode number 12 of the season?
What are all the Riders whose best-conditioned horse is Basia?
What was the distance (in miles) of the championship were the winning horse was Koona?
Who were the winning riders of the championship in Euer Valley, CA and whose horse was Magic Sirocco?
How many different riders are there that won riding Omr Tsunami?
What was the total distance (in miles) of the championship where the best conditioned horse was Freedom?
How many series numbers are there when there were 15.8 u.s. viewers (millions)?
What is the title of the episode number 11 of the season?
What is the series number for the episode number 10 of the season?
What are the the approximate translations when the Morphological Category is 1st. plur. perfect?
What are the approximate translations when the morphological category is masc. sing. active participle?
How many hebrew forms are there for the arabic form  yuktibu يكتب?
How many Arabic forms are there for the 1st. plur. perfect category?
How many were the viewers (in millions) of the series no. 45?
How many games did UCLA's baseball team win with a score 7-6 during May of 2010?
How many wins are listed when the first title is 2004?
Which network was located in Illinois?
What is the highest channel number?
Which state or territory had a channel number of exactly 7?
Name the date for omni coliseum 10,330
Name the location attendance for 3 game
Name the location attendance for l 93-105
Name the record for  oakland-alameda county coliseum arena 15,025
Name the total number of games for w 112-94
what is the club in the sixth round proper
For edition is 2011 europe/africa group iiib and surface where score is 6–4, 6–1 please specify all the surface
For opponent is sandra kristjánsdóttir, outcome is winner and edition is 2009 europe/africa group iiib mention all the opponent team.
For score 7–6 (7–3) , 6–4 please mention total number of outcome
For armenia as opponent team and edition is 2009 europe/africa group iiib mention all the opponent
For score 6–2, 6–3 and outcome is loser mention all the edition.
who was the winner of uci rating cn?
what race name had a uci rating of cn?
what location has team trek-livestrong?
who was the winner for souderton, pa?
What is the name of episode 120 in the series that Mike Rohl directed?
Who wrote episode that had 1.97 million u.s. viewers?
What is the name of the episode that had 2.02 million u.s. viewers?
How many games did they play on january 11?
What is every team with a record of 9-7?
How many people are high assists when location attendance is Seattle Center Coliseum 14,180?
What is every date with game 23?
What is every team with location attendance of Seattle Center Coliseum 14,180?
What is every team with location attendance of Arco Arena 17,014?
what was the opposition where the field is waldstadion during time 6
what is the location for saturday, april 21
what was the participation for saturday, may 12
what was the achievement for the rival at scottish claymores
How many legs were lost when the high checkout was 101?
How many legs were own by alan tabern?
name the team for 36-29 record
Name the total number of high asists for 34-27
Name the date for score of w 112-91
Name the number of location attendance for 36-29 record
Who wrote the episode having a US viewership of 3.74 million?
Who directed production code 3x6116?
How many episode numbers had US viewership of 4.26 million?
What episode number had US viewership of 4.87 million?
How many episodes were directed by Ken Fink?
What date did the episode with 8.28 million u.s. viewers originally air?
How many items are listed for U.S. viewers for episode number 5 in the series?
What date did episode 10 in the series originally air?
What is the season number of the show written by both Kari Lizer and Jeff Astrof?
What is the title of the Series 40 Season 5 show?
Name the callsign for davao mindanao region
Name the power for dymd-fm
Name the frequency for 103.7 energy fm dipolog*
Name the number of coverage for  106.7 energy fm
what is the number of the episode in the season that had 7.19 millions of north american viewers?
what is the name of the episode whose writers were jeff astrof & matt goldman?
who were the writers of the episode that had 5.56 millions of north american viewers?
What is the average for the player with 313 runs?
How few runs does the 97.00 average have?
What is the minimum number of 50s scored?
How many 4wi were recorded by the player with an economy of 4.17?
What is the fewest number of wickets recorded?
What was the BBI for the bowler whose average is 24.50?
What is the least amount of wickets?
What is the least amount of matches?
How many players had 12 wickets?
How many innings for the player with an average of 30.03?
What is the average for the player with BBM 5/85?
What is the lowest episode number that had 4.03 million viewers?
How many million viewers watched episodes prior to episode 2.0?
What was the original air-date that had 4.77 million viewers?
Who directed the episode with 6.37 million viewers?
What is the release date of catalogue number DW023?
What is the release date of "New Worlds for Old"?
What is the catalogue number for "Waves in the Air"?
What is the catalogue number for release dates of exactly 2005 and released by The Clear Spots?
Which artist had a release title of HH?
What was the name of the album released by Heavy Winged?
Who was the dual television commentator in 1990?
Who made the comments for radio broadcast when Jan Gabrielsson made them for television broadcast?
Name the total number of moto2 winners for laguna seca
Name the circuit for hertz british grand prix
Name the number of rounds for brno
Name the motogp winner for 6 may
Name the b winning car for  #88 team mitsubishi 88 mitsubishi starion
Name the gt winning car for  #88 team mitsubishi 88 mitsubishi starion
Name the ss winning car for road atlanta and #35 quantum engineering #35 honda crx-si
Name the total number of rnd for kim baker, bobby archer, tommy archer
Name the total number of b winning car and bobby archer, tommy archer
How many institutes have the team name Spartans?
How many states were there when there was an enrollment of 2789?
What kind of institute is in Indiana?
How many people enrolled for the institute with the Pioneers?
What team is in the city of Rock Island?
What is the name of the episode written by alison cross?
Who directed the episode written by karina csolty
What is the name of the episode written by karina csolty?
Who directed the episode whose production code is 2m5901?
How many viewers in millions were there for episode 4 of this season?
Name the total number of rank for percentage change yoy 13.1%
Name the percentage change yoy for presbyterian college
Name the national rank for medical university of south carolina
What is the lowest numbered episode in the series?
How many episodes were written by david j. north & janet tamaro?
What are the original air dates for episodes directed by fred toye?
What was the aggregate score for Montauban?
Who proceeded to the quarter finals with a points margin of 21?
What were the match points when Bordeaux-Bègles was eliminated from competition?
How many viewers saw the episode written by kevin biegel & bill lawrence?
What was the episode number veiwed by 7.43 million viewers?
What was the title of the episode viewed by 5.03 million viewers?
What was the episode number for the episode viewed by 5.68 million viewers?
How many times is the new entries this round is none?
What is the prize money when the clubs is 392 → 276?
What is the lowest number of fixtures?
What is the main date when the round is third round qualifying?
What is the round when the prize money is £7,500?
What number in series was the episode written by Eric Gilliland?
how many total number of points margin when brive is the winners
how many match points did gran parma lost
how many match points rotherham lose
When brive is the proceed to quarter final how many were eliminated from competition?
When london irish was eliminated from competition who proceeded to quarter final?
When brive proceeded to quarter final what were the match points?
What is the production code of the episode written by Jeff Filgo?
Name the original air date for bryan moore & chris peterson
Name the least production code for  bryan moore & chris peterson
How many dates did the episode with a production code of 804 originally air on?
Who directed episode 2 of the season?
What dat did episode 195 in the series originally air?
What is the name of episode 5 in the season?
What is the title of episode 155 in the series?
What is the last year a sponsorship ended?
How many countries played in the city of ljungskile?
What cities are in sweden on this list?
What country is new orleans in?
What country are the new orleans shell shockers from?
What is the arrangement for bets3ab 3alia nafsy?
Who was the composer of ain shams?
How many numbers are there for kam wa7ed fina?
Who was the composer of te3rafy?
How many sound engineers were there for law hakon '3er leek?
Which number was the lyricist  ahmed metwally?
What was the site of the game that had an 11-4 score?
What was the NCAA Tournament record after the June 26 game?
Who had the save in the game in which Duke (3-2) took the loss?
How many event dates occurred when event details were women's sabre?
What is every value for approximate duration when event details is women's foil?
What is every event date on Sunday with a starting time of 9:30 am?
How many items appear in the viewers column when the draw is 2?
How many viewers are the when the draw is 3?
How many juries are there when the draw is 3?
How many juries are there for Brolle?
What are the former counties of the Great Grimsby district?
How many statuses are there for the Durham district?
What are the statuses of the districts whose successor is Wiltshire?
What is the SDLP of Belfast?
What is the smallest Alliance where the total is 25?
Who wrote the episode that 2.93 million viewers?
What series number is the episode with production code bdf101?
What is the series number for the episode with production code bdf109?
Who directed the episode with the production code of 6AKY11?
How many millions of U.S. viewers watched the episode with the production code of 6AKY07?
What number episode in the series was watched by 10.96 million U.S. viewers?
What dance had a score total of 31?
What was the result for the dance that tonioli's scored an 8 and horwood scored a 6?
How many times did tonioli score a 9 when horwood scored a 6?
On week 11 when Dixon scored an 8, what was tonioli's score?
How many winners from previous round were there in the semi finals?
What was the round that had 32 winners from previous round?
How many clubs were remaining in the preliminary round?
What was the round when there were 16 winners from the previous round?
How many clubs were involved in the second round?
When  grand prix de sar la princesse lalla meryem is the tournament what is the town?
When stuttgart is the town what is the type?
who is the person that is part of the belgian vw club that works with frédéric miclotte
what is the type of vehicle driven by mark higgins
what is the entry where the other person is zdeněk hrůza
who is the other person where the assistant is paulo babo
what are all the people where the entries is peugeot sport polska
Who wrote the episode that had 6.05 million U.s. viewers?
How many production codes are there for the episode that had 4.36 million u.s. viewers?
How many people wrote the episode that had 7.26 million u.s. viewers?
How many million u.s. viewers saw the episode that was directed by roger young and written by debra j. fisher?
What is the name of the episode written by David Matthews?
What are the colors of the Hudson school?
When were the members tenured in the Field school?
How many pick# for CFL team of Toronto Argonauts?
What is every CFL team from the Calgary college?
What is every position for the CFL Edmonton?
What is every CFL team with pick#1?
What is every CFL team with the player Mark Farraway?
What draft pick number was Andy Brereton?
What pick number was the player that was picked by Edmonton?
What position did the draft pick going to saskatchewan play?
What is the highest numbered draft pick?
What CFL team got the player from york?
How many positions does Trent Bagnail play?
What position was the player who was drafted by Edmonton?
What college did the player whose position was RB go to?
What college did Francis Bellefroid go to?
Which player was drafted by Winnipeg?
What college did the player who was drafted by Calgary go to?
What was the height of representative #1?
Which contestant was sponsored by Yogurt Vita Slim?
What was the height of representative #6?
how many people wrote the episode directed by rob schrab?
name the title of the episode with production code 201
Who were the authors of the episode first broadcast on August 10, 2012?
When was originally aired the episode with an audience of 1.57 million us viewers?
What season number was assigned to the episode identified with the production code 401?
List the number of assists for the DF.
List the lowest super league for a 0 champion league.
What is the minimum sum?
What was the intermediate sprint classification for the race whose winner was Daniel Martin?
Which teams classification winners had a general classification winner of Allan Davis?
Who won the points classification when the teams classification winner was Lampre-Farnese?
How do you say the ukrainian word дякую (diakuju) in English?
How many words are there in rusyn for the bulgarian word купува (kupuva)?
Name the new adherents per year for buddhism
Name the  number of new adherents per year for confucianism
Name the least births for conversion being 26,333
Name the least amount of new adherents per year
Name the religion that has a growth rate of 1.56%
What is the length when the propulsion is controllable pitch propeller?
What is the max speed when the vessel is gallion?
How many breadth entries are there when the vessel is marianarray?
What is the propulsion when the vessel is marianarray?
How many breadth entries are there when propulsion is jet?
What episode title had a production code of 3x6306?
What date did the episode with a production code of 3x6316 originally air?
Who won the mens doubles when wu yang won the womens singles?
What year and where was the tournament when fan ying won the womens singles?
Who won the mens singles when lau sui fei won the womens singles?
Who won the mens doubles when wang hao won the mens singles?
Who won in the men singles group in the year when Yoshie Takada won in the women singles?
When and where did Chen Qi win in men singles?
Who is listed under mens singles when womens has wang nan zhang yining?
How many womens singles entries are there when womens doubles is li xiaodan wen jia?
Who is listed under womens singles when year location is 1998 doha?
Who is listed under mens singles when the year location is 2009 doha?
How many  year locations are there for the womens doubles in jing junhong li jiawei?
How many players are there for mens singles when chen qi ma lin played mens doubles?
Who played mens doubles for the 1999 kobe tour?
Where was the tour when  jing junhong li jiawei played womens doubles?
How many years did lin gaoyuan wu jiaji play  mens doubles?
How many people are shown for mens doubles when guo yue played womens singles?
Who won the Womens Singles in the year the Jean-Michel Saive won the Mens Singles?
In what year and location did Liu Guozheng win the Mens Singles?
In what year and location did Wang Liqin win the Mens Singles?
Who won the mens doubles at the 2006 guangzhou event?
How many times was the womens doubles in china?
How many times did  li ju win the womens singles and wang liqin win the mens singles?
Name the mens singles for lee eun-sil moon hyun-jung
Name the number of womens doubles for 2011 rio de janeiro
Name the year location for  haruna fukuoka
Name the mens doubles for dimitrij ovtcharov
Name the number of womens singles for 1999 rio de janeiro
Name the womens doubles for werner schlager
Who was the womens double winner when the womens singles winner was Ding Ning?
Who wrote episode number 19 in the series?
How many marks are there when tackles are 3?
What was the goal accuracy % when the total disposals are 481?
What date did the episode with a production code of 60072 originally air?
What's the title of the episode with series number 36?
when was the next coach appointed after niger tornadoes fired their coach?
how many managers left sunshine stars?
how many new managers replaced  manager(s) who resigned?
how many times did tunde abdulrahman leave the team?
How many platforms have celsius calibur as mystic arte?
How many mystic arte have hisui (jadeite) hearts 1 as the character?
How many platforms have nanaly fletch as the character?
What is the status of the character keel (keele) zeibel?
What sesaon(s) did they have 254 goals against?
What is the largest number of points in a season?
What is the Late Middle English equivalent of the Anglian æg, ǣg?
What is the example of the Early Modern English ( [x] → /f/) /ɔf/?
List the numer of miles for 2010.
On what day did tommy ellis drive?
On what day did joe gibbs racing record a time of 1:53:26?
What is the average speed for filmar racing?
List the race time for may 11.
What is the total number of modern grannies performed?
What is the name of the performance zhu xiaoming performed?
How many performers are 29 that made it to the semi finals?
What is the name of the zhou jinsong's hometown?
How many different production codes does the episode originally aired on October 18, 1984 have?
What's the title of the episode with production code 104?
How many different titles does the episode originally aired on September 27, 1984 have?
What's the production code of the episode originally aired on February 21, 1985?
when roberts 86' is the scorer what is the round?
When semi final (2nd leg) is the round what is the highest attendance?
When Mark Stimson started his job in 2007-08 what posiiton was the team on the table
In football league one, what coach was hired as a replacement on 8 October 2007
One 6 November 2007 what was the manner of departure for the coach release in football league one?
What is the series number for the episode written by janet leahy?
What was the air date of the episode with the production code of 322?
What is the series number for the episode directed by  jay sandrich that aired October 23, 1986?
What are the title(s) of episodes directed by david solomon and written by marti noxon?
What was the number of episodes whose production code is 7ABB21?
Who wrote episode number 18?
Name the tries for when L is less than 2.0
What is the most recent year shown for Betty Stove?
Who was Betty's partner when the surface is hard?
What is the lowest number of drawn games by a team?
How many points did the team that won 5 games make?
How many points does the club that had 45 points against it have?
When gray wolves is the team nickname how many institutions are there?
When sylvania, oh is the location what is the team nickname?
When indianapolis, indiana is the location what is the institution?
When private/ nonsectarian is the the affiliation what is the team nickname?
4512 is the enrollment what is the team nickname?
What championship was played with Allan Stone as a partner?
How many different partners played in the finale in 1973?
What was the score in the final played with Fred McNair as partner?
What was the orginal air date for episodes with production code 2acx12?
Who wrote the episode with production code 2acx12?
What numbered episode was directed by greg colton and written by patrick meighan?
Who directed # (season #) is 1 ( 2 )?
Who is everyone on the men's doubles when men's singles is Ma Wenge?
Who are all men's doubles when men's singles is Jean-Michel Saive?
Who are all hosts when men's singles is Ma Wenge?
How many people are women's singles in the season of 2000/01?
Name the winners of the mens doubles in the season of 1963/64.
Who was the director of the episode with series number 116?
What's the title of the episode seen by 12.85 millions of people in the US?
How many episodes had 11.86 million US viewers?
What is the title(s) of episodes written by aron eli coleite?
What are the original air date(s) for episodes written by aron eli coleite?
how many producers are responsible for the song 'calling out to marlboro?
what was the first year that kid creole and the coconuts recorded with I Too Have Seen The Woods / Sire Records?
How many seasons are there with Formula Holden?
How many poles are there with 2 races?
What's the most amount of point finishes for v8supercar?
How many people had high rebounds in game 14?
What is every score when the date is January 2?
What was the highest number of students in attendance for the university of north texas?
What is the mascot for texas tech university?
What is the total enrollment for private/ disciples of christ?
How many mascotts are there for college station, texas
List the highest number of students in attendance for the institution that started in 1923.
How many next in lines had heirs of Archduke Karl?
Name the team that has a song writer named larry spokes.
How man teams have a writer named harry angus?
Name the team anthem that was written by quentin eyers and les kaczmarek.
How many team songs does fremantle have?
What is the name of the team song written by ken walther?
In how many different years was the team nicknamed Comets founded?
What's the nickname of the team with enrollment of 40747?
What school is located in Huntsville, Texas?
How many students are enrolled in the team nicknamed Comets?
Name the number of tenants for russia at the saransk stadium
Name the country for lusail national stadium
Name the city for los angeles stadium
Name the stadium for nizhny novgorod
Name the country for athens
When did the episode 1.13 air for the first time?
What's the weekly rank of episode 1.03?
What is the rating of episode 1.04?
How many items are listed under caps when burnley is the club team?
What club did the championship player come from who had 10 goals?
How many goals did the player from Ipswich town score?
When 16 is the cap who is the player?
When 2010 v australia is the interantional debut what is the club?
When winston reid category:articles with hcards is the player what is the club?
When tommy smith category:articles with hcards is the player and 1 is the goal how many cap(s) are there?
When  rory fallon category:articles with hcards is the player when is the international debut?
What is th title of the episode written by Nick Thiel?
How many million u.s. viewers watched the episode with a production code of 2t7004?
What is the name of the episode that was directed by Dennis Smith?
How many site entries are there at 3:30pm and the visiting team is coastal carolina?
What is the result when the visiting team is syracuse?
When svein tuft is the winner what is the highest stage?
when svein tuft is the winner how many stages are there?
when hayden roulston is the winner what is the team classification?
When michael reihs is the mountains classification what is the stage?
When michael van stayen is the points classification what is the team classification?
When hayden roulston is the winner what is the stage?
What date was the game where Texas Southern was the visiting team?
How many Connecticut home games were broadcast?
In what facility was Pittsburgh's home game played?
What was the final score of Washington's home game?
Where is the team that has a stadium capable of a capacity of 10,517 5,006 located?
Where is the home venue of the team founded in 1993?
How long has the team who owns North Shore Events Centre Vector Arena been active?
What is the capacity for the Home Venue of the New Zealand Breakers club?
How many episodes were directed by Jeff Melman and 1.21million viewers?
What air date had 1.01 million U.S. viewers?
Name the aircraft type for  furstenau/vorden
Name the parent unit for ludwig franzisket
Name the aircraft type for jagdgeschwader 6
Name the aircraft type for  jagdgeschwader 26
Name the parent unit for josef priller
Name the production code for number 8
Name the least number for xle02007
Who wrote the episode with the code xle05012?
what are the numbers of episodes that had 0.79 million US views?
What female fenced with a saber on the team that had an average fencer rank of 3.5?
What team had an average fencer rank of 1.33?
What is the name of the corporation that incorporated on october 15, 1955?
What is the area of the corporation named the powell river, the corporation of the city of?
How many Area's are there for Armstrong?
What is the name of the city which incorporated on july 16, 1860?
What is the name of the corporation with an area of 15.63 km?
How many areas are there for the corporation named fort st. john, city of?
What was Emma Bunton's score for the performance with a total score of 22?
What was the total score when the guest judge gave a score of 10?
what is the number of  the episode in the season whose production code is 101?
During what conference is North Carolina listed as the tournament winner?
During the Big Seven Conference which team was the regular season winner?
What tournament venue is listed during the Missouri Valley Conference?
During the Mid-American Conference who is listed as the tournament winner?
When Yale is listed as the regular season winner, what tournament venue is given?
How many entries for conference tournament are listed when Texas Western is the regular season winner?
Which team drafted the player from the HC Lada Togliatti (Russia)?
who is the person that plays left wing and is from canada that plays on the st. louis blues
what is the overall number of chosen ideas where the person is scott parker
what is the number of the chosen club where the hc dukla trenčín (slovakia) is from
How many players were drafted by the Edmonton Oilers?
Who was drafted by the Washington Capitals?
Which team drafted Travis Brigley?
What is the minimum pick of a centre from the Czech Republic?
Which player made exactly 223 passes?
What is the fewest minutes played for the player with exactly 638 good passes?
What is the most number of assists for players with exactly 25 games played?
What is the largest number of passes for players starting exactly 34 games?
When καθ are the letters what is the nickname?
When 1873-12-25 is the founding date how many organizations are there?
When 1872-10-10 is the founding date what are the canadian chapters?
When 1 active, 1 inactive is the canadian chapters how many founding dates are there?
when was the ending time where the enemy met in the iron bowl
what was the lowest number that auburn triumphed where the activities took part was 92
what are all the adversary where the beginning is 1899
what is the length where the time is 2009
What was the distance in the round where the supporter was champ car world series ( grand prix of cleveland ) and the tc winning car was pierre kleinubing?
What is the earliest round where the gt winning car is max angelelli?
Who was supporting in round 1 where the gt winning car was dodge viper?
Who was supporting in the round when the gt winning car was dino crescentini?
Who wrote the episode with production code 2j5568?
Who directed the episode watched by 2.01 million US viewers?
How many divisions in bowling ?
How many first tournaments were winter sports with exactly 1 division?
Where was the 2011-2012 soccer state tournament held?
How many first tournaments are associated with bowling?
How many times is the player vaughn taylor listed?
What is the lowest after when the player is adam scott?
What is the country for the score 72-63-71-68=274?
What is the after for the player kevin streelman?
What is the to par when the after is 33?
What country is charley hoffman from?
What is the before for the score of 63-67-66-71=267?
What is the to par for the winnings of 232500?
What were the winnings for the score of 66-64-67-71=268?
What is the after for geoff ogilvy?
what is the most number where the person is luke donald
what is the place where the person is luke donald
what is the person there the numbers is 2343
what is the number of pieces where the person is charley hoffman
what is the number of people where the pieces is 3015
Which team drafted Ron Annear?
Which team drafted Joakim Persson?
Which team drafted a player from HC Slavia Praha (Czechoslovakia)?
Which player was drafted by the New York Rangers?
Which team drafted Michael Orn?
What position was the player who was drafted by the Washington Capitals?
What is Timo Lehkonen's highest pick number?
What college/junior/club team played right wing position with NHL team Chicago Black Hawks?
How many college/junior/club teams are from Sweden?
What is Robert Dirk's nationality?
What country is Trent Yawney from?
What is Michal Pivonka's pick number?
Which team did David McLay play for?
What is Robert Dirk's team?
What is Graeme Bonar's lowest pick number?
where did glenn greenough come from
how many parts does detroit red wings person urban nordin play
What is the gender of the Roman Catholic school is AL4?
What is the website of the school affiliated with the Church of England?
What nationality is listed when the college/junior/club team is oshawa generals (ohl)?
What is the name of the player when the college/junior/club team is new westminster bruins (whl)?
How many college/junior/club teams are ther when nhl team is edmonton oilers?
What is the postion when the nhl team is los angeles kings?
How many nhl teams are listed when college/junior/club team is listed as newton north high school (ushs-ma)?
What date did the episode directed by Victor Cook and Written by Brat Jennett air in the U.S.?
What date did the episode written by Mitch Watson and directed by Curt Geda originally air in the U.S.?
When Alberto Contador Kanstantsin Sivtsov was the general classification and Alessandro Petacchi was the points classification at the same time while Mark Cavendish is the winner, who was the mountain classification?
Who was the young rider classification when Alessandro Petacchi won?
Who was the young rider classification when Diego Ulissi won?
What is the name of the young rider classification when Paolo Tiralongo won?
What's the version in the 1.0.4 release?
What's the release date in the 1.1.10 release?
What's the version of the 1.0.12 release?
What's the number of the 1.0.9 release version?
What's the number of the 1.0.12 release version?
For how many series were there 11.84 million watchers?
What's the smallest season number?
Who wrote the episodes that were directed by Peter O'Fallon?
What was the latest episode number that Meredith Averill wrote?
What is the latest episode number that was directed by Tom Dicillo?
How many years did Germany participate, when the team from Italy was Naples LL Naples and the team from England was London Area Youth London?
What was the team from Austria when the Netherlands sent Brunssum/Schinnen LL Brunssum and Belgium sent Shape and Waterloo LL Brussels?
What is the maximum number of matches in a game?
What is the highest score in those games where the average is 9.88?
What digital channel corresponds to virtual channel 23.2?
What digital channel corresponds to virtual channel 5.2?
What network airs on virtual channel 23.1?
How many networks run on virtual channel 23.4?
What city licensed the broadcast on virtual channel 8.2?
What was the title of the episode with production code 2J5515?
Name the chassis for ludwig fischer
Name the entrant for bruno sterzi
Name the least number for nello pagani
What is the largest number of consecutive starts for jason gildon?
What team(s) had 120 consecutive starts?
What period(s) featured a left inside linebacker?
How many consecutive starts for the linebacker who played from 9/21/1975 – 12/16/1984?
What is the title of the episode written by Frank Military?
How many seasons had 16.15 million viewers?
What is air date of the episode directed by John P. Kousakis?
Who was the player when totals were 105-161?
How many items appear in the average column when the totals were 105-161?
What were the totals when the average is 6.25?
Who was the team when the category is field goal percentage?
Name the election for the percent of popular vote being 4.48%
How many times was taiwan 3rd runner-up?
How many miss universes did south africa have?
How many placements in total does russia have?
Which country has had 6 miss universe's?
Which country has had 8 miss universes?
What is the minimum number of points for teams averaging 1.412?
What 2003-2004 values are associated with an average of 1.377?
How many millions of viewers are listed where the writer is Matthew Okumura?
What is the U.S. air date when the U.S. viewers are 7.5 million?
How many u.s. viewers  (million) have 6 as the #?
Who is the directed by when 2t6404 is the production code?
what is the number of the episode in the season that had 5.60 millions of north american spectors?
who are the writers of the episode whose production code is 176206?
What stadium does FK Rudar play in?
What town holds Stadion Zlatica?
What stadium does FK Jedinstvo play in?
What is listed in tor floysvik when karianne gulliksen is 6?
How many music entries are there when tor floysvik is 3?
What is listed under chister tornell when karianne gulliksen is 7?
What is listed under tor floysvik when couple is maria & asmund?
What are Unit 2's dates of commissioning?
What is the boiler provider for Bhel, India's TG Set provider?
Name the trine dehli cleve for english waltz
Name the style for 39
Name the style for 27
Name the most for fløysvik for 8
how many for floysvik and christer tornell is 7?
how many for christer tornell where the total is 30?
What is the couple that received a total score of 38?
What is the greatest total score received by aylar & egor when karianne Gulliksen gave an 8?
What is the largest number for trine dehli cleve?
What is the largest number for karianne gulliksen?
How many styles had a total score of exactly 33?
Which style led to a score given by Tor Floysvik of 8?
What is the smallest total score for the Pasodoble style?
What is the title of the episode watched by 0.88 million U.S. viewers?
What is the original air date of the episode that was watched by 0.88 million U.S. viewers?
How may players have a passing yard score of 208?
What is the name of the player with total offense of 454?
What is the number of rushing yards when the opponentis Indiana and the player is Denard Robinson?
What is the number of total offense when the opponentis Penn State?
How many rushing yards are listed when the passing yards are 244?
What is the volume when the resrvoir is Tanes?
are there bi-tone is there's no olive drab and the caliber is 9×19mm parabellum and model is xdm 5.25 competition
What is the family of the constellation that has lyncis /ˈlɪnsɨs/ as genitive?
What is the origin of the constellation that can be abbreviated to tele?
What is the other abbreviation of the constellation that has β trianguli as its brightest star?
What is the brightest star of the constellation that means archer?
What is the other abbreviation of the constellation that has hydrae /ˈhaɪdriː/ as genitive?
What is the meaning of the constellation that has puppis /ˈpʌpɨs/ as genitive?
How many track numbers were called song 2?
Who was the vocal percussionist when stevie wonder was the original artist?
What track name had Terry Tamm as the soloist?
What was the date of the game that had a result of Army 16, SMU 14?
What was the city whose stadium is Gerald J. Ford Stadium?
What is every category wise when the multi lane is 677?
What is the highest value for multi lane if category wise is major district roads?
What is the least total?
What are the years of TeBe career for the players whose league matches are exactly 163?
What is the number of league goals for players with 10 league matches and a TeBe career of 2003?
What is listed in eliminated when the finish is 15th voted out 9th jury Member Day 46?
What is listed in reward when the finish is listed at 13th voted out 6th jury Member Day 43?
What is the name of immunity when the finish is 3rd voted out day 9?
What is the vote number when immunity listed as David and reward is listed as none?
what is the united fc wehre pifa colaba is maratha united?
what is the united fc where pifa colaba is sporting options?
what is the dadar xi b where pifa colaba is sporting options?
what is the athens xi where dada xi b is strikers fc?
what is the dadar xi b where the good shepherd is sea liner fc?
What is the Record at School of Tom O'Brien's team?
How many values were used to express the years at school of the Maryland team?
What is the record in the atlantic coast conference for the Miami team?
How many values reflect the overall record of the team coached by Frank Beamer?
what type over school is Clemson?
what year did north carolina institution join the acc?
how many acc football titles have been won by the institution nicknamed tar heels?
what type of school is the institution nicknamed seminoles?
when did the institution at chapel hill, North carolina join acc?
What were the supersonics record at game 2?
What is the most amount of games played this season?
Who had highest assists in game against Utah?
In the North Central region, what are the regional page #'s?
What states have a regional page # of 1, 5-7, 9-11, 13-15?
Which region has a regional page # of 1-3, 5-7, 9-11, 13-15?
In Ca/Nv, what are all of the regional page #s?
What is the maximum number of 2nd places for Tajikistan?
What is the maximum number of 1st places for the country with exactly 1 third place?
How many values of total top 3 placements does Taiwan have?
What is the name of the country when the ioc code is mas?
What is the ioc code when the country is listed as Singapore?
What is listed in Network station when the country is Brunei?
How many television station listing have a radio station as lao national radio?
How many television station listings have a ioc code as mas?
Who wrote episode 27 in the series that was directed by Wendey Stanzler?
What is the name of episode 43 in the series?
What date did the episode that had 8.84 million u.s. viewers originally air?
How many games have high assists as earl watson (11) and location attendance as Keyarena 16,841?
What is the record listed when the high assists is earl watson (6)?
Where is the location  attendance when the date is January 9?
What is listed in hight points when the high rebounds is listed as Nick Collison (10)?
What is listed in game when the location attendance is listed as Keyarena 16,841?
What was the airdate of the episode of production code 214?
How many numbers in the season have an air date of June 3, 2012?
What is the highest production code of the episodes having a US viewership of exactly 2.3?
When the number of wickets is 29, what was the economy?
How many wickets was there when the economy was 3.64?
What is the average of all the wickets that were 27?
Which branding has the callsign of DXGH?
What type of station is within the 972khz frequency?
What types of stations are located in Cebu?
Where are all the 1485khz frequency located?
How many locations have the callsign DXGH?
Where are the broadcasting companys with the callsign DWRH located?
Where is the audition city when the venue is upi convention center?
How many times is there a golden tickets entry when the callback venue is rcti studio, jakarta?
In what year was 1.35% the average vote per candidate?
When 3.29% was the average per candidate, what was the number of average votes per candidate?
What was the percentage of total votes in 1997?
How many shows were launched on CBS (2002)?
How many IRST figures for the show that premiered on Canale 5 (2006)?
What are the dates that Falling Angel aired?
How many economy stats for the player with 2/19 BBI?
Who is the player with an average of 35.42?
What is the economy of the player with BBI of 3/33?
What is the average when the highest score is 151?
Who is the player when the highest score is 84?
How many runs are there when the highest score is 228*?
What is the innings when the highest score is 72?
What is the highest number listed for matches?
How many entries is under 50s column when the average is 39.60?
Who is the player when the average is 69.66?
what is the minimumfor 5wi?
how many 10wi and bbi is 6/101
how many innings had bbi 4/26?
how many 5wi with an average of 33.13?
how many innings have an average of 19.60?
What is the average when the BBI is 3/27?
Who is the player when the economy is 6.14?
Who is the player when the economy is 5.29?
What the number of matches when the BBI is 3/27?
What is the BBI whent the economy is 5.68?
What is the year listed when tied is listed as 11?
What is the goals against listed when the goals scored is 30?
How many goals scored entries are listed when the year is verano 2001?
What are goals scored when postition is 17 and tied is 5?
Who was the winner if the Mountains Classification award was given to Jaime Vergara and the Team Classification award is given to Col es Pasion Café De Colombia 472?
Who was the General Classification awardee if Sergio Luis Henao was the winner and the Points Classification award was given to Sergio Luis Henao?
Who were the winners if the Mountain Classification award was given to Oscar Solis and Team Classification was given to EPM-Une?
In what stage did Jaime Vergara won, Team Classification was given to EPM-Une and Mountain Classification winner was Oscar Solis?
Who directed the episode that aired November 21, 2003?
How many episode titles have series number 4?
How may college/junior/club team has a the nhl team listed as Colorado Avalanche?
What player was picked by the New York Rangers?
What position did the draft pick for Toronto Maple Leafs play?
Who did Edmonton Oilers get for their draft pick?
What college team did Milan Kostolny play for?
What player was picked for Buffalo Sabres?
What NHL team picked Sergei Luchinkin?
What is the minimum MotoGP/500cc ranking?
Who was the tournament winner in the Southwestern Athletic Conference?
what is the crashandride cymbalpads for the drumset name td-9k2
how many drumsets of drumstand (oftenoptional) with hd-1/3stand and tom-tom pads is 3xcloth-head are
in which year was available the  rubber as kickdrum pad
in the drum module td-5 what are the tom-tom pads
for the drumset name td-15k how many snare pads are
Who won the race on June 26?
Who won the race on August 15?
What is the date of the Italian Grand Prix?
How many dates did Daniel Ruiz win the Spanish Grand Prix?
Who won the race on May 1?
When james rutherford is the incumbent how many dates are there?
When edward shaw is the winner what is the date?
When peninsula is the electorate what is the reason?
When james seaton is the incumbent what is the reason?
What was the handicap when the prize money was 120s?
On what date was the handicap 8 st 12 lb?
On what date was the track Ballarat?
How many literate males are there in the taluka name nevasa?
how many literate males are there that has a district population of 6.65?
How many males are in the group that has an amount of 139361
List all the runners-up on 16 October 2012?
What is the date when Miranda Gore Browne was runner-up?
What is the date of the finale where Holly Bell was runner-up?
What is the premiere of the season where Holly Bell was the runner-up?
How many runners-up were there when Joanne Wheatley won?
Who won the season for which Brendan Lynch is the runner-up?
What is the pick # when the new jersey devils is the nhl team?
Which college/junior/team has defence as the position with canada as the nationality and the pick # is less than 61.0?
Which nhl team has kris draper as the player?
Which position has new Jersey Devils as the nhl team?
Which college/junior/club team has jim mathieson as the player?
What is the production code of the episode with series #8?
What is the title of the episode with series number 14?
What is the original airdate of episode #31?
Who was drafted to the Vancouver Canucks?
How many figures are provided for the team when the position drafted is center?
What was the pick number when Paul Krake was selected?
What pick number did the New York Rangers have?
What pick number was the Boston Bruins selection for defence?
Which player is pick 64?
Which player is the centre for the Detroit Red Wings?
How many positions drafted for the Minnesota North Stars?
What position did Roseau High School (USHS-MN) play?
What are Scott Zygulski's pick numbers?
Which country is pick# 136 from?
How many nationalities does Alex Nikolic come from?
How many NHL teams have a pick number of 128?
Name the opponents for  anabel medina garrigues
Name the parter for w/o
Which of the networks originate in Xalapa?
What are all the programs on the Soy Guerrero network?
Which owners originate in Mexico City?
Which network serves the Guerrero region
Which regions are owned by estado de tabasco?
What subdivision names (RU) have a code of by-hr?
What cods have a subdivision name (RU) of Grodnenskaya Oblast'?
What are the subdivision names (RU) where the subdivision name (BE) is Hrodzenskaya Voblasts'?
What is the subdivision name (BE) where subdivision name (RU) (BGN) is Grodnenskaya Oblast'?
Which codes have subdivision names (BE) (BGN) of Homyel'skaya Voblasts'?
Name the into service for dh1
Name the into service for dh2
Name the most serial number for feb 1994
Name the number for 2004 scapped
How many month names are there for the tenth numbered month?
What is the defective year for the eighth numbered month?
What is the month sequence for the month name of av?
What is the defective year for the regular year of 29 days and month sequence of 2?
When 4.5 is the rating (18-49) what is the air date?
When 13 is the share (18-49) what is the rank (timeslot)?
When 11 is the episode what is the air date?
When there are  10.02 million viewers what is the rating (18-49)?
When there are 9.28 million viewers what is the share (18-49)?
When 4 is the episode what is the air date?
How many different results were there for the scores 6–7 (2–7) , 6–2, 7–6 (7–3)?
Who was the writer for episode 3?
What was the original airdate for the episode written by daisuke habara and directed by akimitsu sasaki
What episode did tomoyuki furumaya
What is the earliest round where collingswood lost by 36 points?
What was the score on saturday, 26 june 7:10pm?
What is the round number of the round against melbourne on saturday, 4 april 2:10pm?
Which venue did collingsworth play essendon in when they had the 3rd position on the ladder?
Was the round where they were in 6th at home or away?
What was the previous school for the forward with a height of  ft5in (m)?
What is the lowest listed number for a player?
Who previously attended south kent school / brentwood hs?
What is the highest number a guard from brophy college prep wore?
How many directed by entries have UK viewership over 6.16 million?
Who directed the episode with a UK viewership of exactly 5.77 million?
What was the airdate of the episode with a UK viewership of 6.02 million?
Who directed the episode with UK viewership of 6.09 million?
Name the general classification for mauricio soler
Name the general classification for steven kruijswijk
Name the points classification for levi leipheimer
Name the mountains classification for rabobank and damiano cunego
Name the team classification for thomas de gendt
What is listed in built for when the original number is 24d?
What is the season # when ther are 5.3 million U.S viewers?
What are the titles of episodes written by Eric Trueheart?
Who were the writers of episode/s first aired in the US on June 9, 2012?
Who were the writers of the episodes directed by Greg Sullivan and which first aired on July 21, 2012?
Which episode/s were written by Evan Gore?
Which team was the away team when home team was essendon?
How many scores were there for the home team when the  away team was fitzroy?
Which team was the away team when the home team was north melbourne?
What is the date of the game when the home team is melbourne?
Name the singer for 1.45m
Name the singer for joe wilkinson
Name the singer for bruce forsyth
Name the number of ratings for bruce forsyth
Name the guest for 1.64m ratings
What was the constructor in the Belgian Grand Prix round?
Who had the fastest lap in round 15?
When was the home team Essendon?
When Richmond played as the away team, what was the ground?
When did Fitzroy play as the home team?
what was the result on 01x06
what was the size when tom daley appeared
How many scores had an episode of 03x06?
When id the episode broadcast with Mark Webber as Jamie and John's guest?
What date did the episode with Andy Murray as Jamie and John's guest first broadcast?
How many items are listed under 'andrew and georgies guest lee mack replaced andrew flint as team captain for one week' for episode 04x04?
who guest starred on the episode with a 1.44m rating
when was the episode on which barbara windsor and heston blumenthal guest starred broadcasted
how many broadcaste dates features the overtones
how many guest stars did the episode that was broadcasted 11september2012 have
when was the episode guest starring michael mcintyre and alex james broadcasted
which episode did sarah millican and grayson perry appear in
When were episodes first broadcast with jessica ennis as andrew and jacks guest?
Who directed the episode that is written by Eli Attie and production code is 2t5018?
How many episodes are 122 in the series?
What was the score for the episode with Matt Smith as Andrew and Jack's guest?
When was the episode with Amy Williams as Andrew and Jack's guest broadcast?
What is the last episode in the season that had 3.91 million viewers in the US?
How many episodes were written by Warren Leight?
How many championships were there where the score was  4–6, 7–6 (7–5) , [5–10]?
On what surface was it the year when the score was 6–1, 4–6, [12–10]?
How many times has the score been 6–4, 3–6, [11–13]?
Who are the outgoing head coaches whose manner of departure is Gardening Leave 1?
Who was the incoming head coach after Wan Jamak Wan Hassan quit the coaching job?
Who had the fastest lap in round 1?
Who had the pole position when matt davies had the fastest lap?
Who had the pole position(s) when rob guiver won and kyle ryde had the fastest lap?
What is the earliest year in which the result is championship US Open (2)?
Who was Bob Bryan's partner in the Championship where the result is US Open (2)?
What are the results of those matches where the championship is French Open?
on how many days did the episode written by harold hayes jr. & craig s. phillips originally air
how many episodes originally aired january19,2013
which episode of the season aired on october20,2012
Which team was the opponent in game 5?
Lis the series for game 5.
What was the final in the game that boris diaw (34) scored the most points?
What is the figure for December 28 for ang tanging ina mo (last na 'to!)?
What is the figure for December 27 for ang tanging ina mo (last na 'to!)?
How many figures are provided for December 28 for Rosario?
What film earmed p3.2 million on December 25?
What was the Friday June 3 practice time of the rider who did 20' 50.45 108.623mph on Thursday, June 2?
What's the Wednesday, June 1 practice time for the rider that did 21' 05.87 107.300mph on Thursday, June 2?
How many people wrote episode 9 in the season that was directed by Ernest Dickerson?
Who wrote the episode that was directed by Milan Cheylov?
Who was the EP winning team when the CP winning team was Dave Clark and the GM winning team was Stuart Northrup?
Who was the CM winning team when the FM winning team was #17 Elva - Ford?
Who the GM winning team when the EP winning team was #37 Porsche?
Who was the EP winning team when the FM winning team was Brabham - Ford and the HM winning team was Osca?
Who was the HP winning team when the EP winning team was Hans Zereis and the GM winning team was Charles Gibson?
what was the name of the team opponent to elfsborg
what is the name of the team which aggregate score is l 1–2
what is the aggregate score for the europa league play off round contest and round
How many dollars is listed under Sydney when the distance is 10km?
How many distance places have brisbane at $3.80?
How many listings under Melbourne has a distance at 15km?
What is the distance when brisbane is $4.80?
What is the distance when brisbane is $5.20?
How many scores did Helen Sildna give when Iiris Vesik gave a 3?
What is the maximum points received when Peeter Vähl gave a 9?
Who is the manager for the fc inter club?
Which club is at the location of kuopio?
How many stadiums have haka as the club?
Who is the artist 2 on the setlist where the artist 1 is Sparfunk & D-Code?
Who is the mix artist for the closing party setlist where artist 1 is Dillinja and Skibadee?
On how many different dates was the episode written by Charlie Day aired for the first time?
Who are the writers of the episode with production code IP02009?
How many different titles does the episode with production code IP02003 have?
Who wrote the episode with a production code of ip03007?
What is the name of episode number 29 in the series?
Who wrote the episode with ip03012 as the production code?
Who directed the episode with production code ip03010?
What is the least amount in each season?
Who directed an episode with 1.19 million?
At what location was the March 17 race held?
What location did Zach Veach have the fastest lap?
Where was the race with Luke Ellery as fastest lap and Wayne Boyd as winning driver?
When 318676 is the population of 2010 and 1st class is the income classification what is the area in kilometers squared?
When itogon, benguet is the city/municipality and 1st class is the income classification how many measurements of population in 2010?
When 82.74 is the area in kilometers squared what is the pop.density (per km2)?
When 106 is the area in kilometers squared what is the city/municipality?
How many episodes have the production code ip04004?
Who wrote episode number 11?
Who was the challenger when guillaume brahimi was the iron chef?
Who was the iron chef when herb Faust was the challenger?
What date did the episode air when guy grossi won?
Who played Lily Cahill in the Australian 2012 production?
which tournament was the champion nick saviano florin segărceanu 6–3, 6–4?
Which tournament was runner-up  paul annacone eric korita?
Who were the semifinalists when sammy giammalva was  runner-up?
which tournament was the champion pat cash 4–6, 6–4, 6–3?
Which tournament was on the week of  24 october and champion is matt doyle 1–6, 6–1, 6–2?
How many runner ups were there for the cologne , germany carpet – $75,000 – s32/d16 when the champion was matt doyle 1–6, 6–1, 6–2?
which train number departs pune at 13:00
which train number arrives in lonavla at 17:45
which train name arrives in lonavla at 17:45
how many trains run daily to lonavla and arrive at 12:25
how many trains have the number 99808
what time does the train that arrives in lonavla at 22:22 depart pune
Who became the champion for the 1984 Grand Prix where Marty Davis was the runner-up?
Who were the quarter-finalists in the event where the champion was Terry Moor 3-6, 7-6, 6-2?
Who was the champion in the tournament where Scott Davis Chris Dunk was the runner up?
Who were the semifinalists in the tournament where Mats Wilander 7-6, 6-3 was declared the champion?
How many years saw 3 hurricanes wherein the strongest storm was level three?
What is the largest overall number of major hurricanes?
When the death is none what is the number of major hurricanes?
What is the lowest overall number of hurricanes?
What country offered a prize of 66400 US dollars?
What country does the player named Mark Cox play for?
How many deaths did the eyar with exactly 6 hurricanes have?
What is the maximum number of tropical storms in the year that had exactly 34 deaths?
How many deaths did the year with 10 hurricanes and exactly 1 major hurricane have?
Name the number of episodes that jim barnes wrote for 1.82 million viewers
Name the least number for production code 3x6266
How many characters does Maurice Dean Wint play in the movie Cube?
What is Joan Leaven's occupation?
What gender is Quentin?
Who played the mathematics student?
How many prisons is Joan Leaven connected with?
What is aggressive rider Richie Porte's team classifaction?
Thomas de Gendt performed on what stage as aggressive rider?
Where Luke Durbridge is the aggressive rider who is listed as the young rider classification?
Who is listed under the general classifcation where Ben Swift won and Cameron Meyer was listed under the young rider?
Who is the sprint classification where Francisco Ventoso wins?
In the week of what was the runner-up Pat Du Pré?
Who were the semifinalists when the runner-up was Peter Feigl?
Who were the semifinalists when the runner-up was Pat Du Pré?
Who were the semifinalists in the week of 13 November when the runner-up was Pat Du Pré?
What are the quarterfinalists when the runner up is andrew pattison?
When indonesia is the country what is the rank of  2010?
When 5 is the rank of 2011 what is the country?
When sweden is the country what is the highest production in 2010 (1,000 ton)?
Valmir Benavides won pole position at which circuit?
Who was the winner at the track where Roberval Andrade won pole, Felipe Giaffone had the fastest lap, and RVR Corinthians Motorsport was the winning team?
What is the fewest number of 2005 subscribers for Vodafone?
What is the maximum number of 2006 subscribers for Glo Mobile?
What is the maximum number of 2006 subscribers for Mobilis?
How many subscribers, in 2006, does Glo Mobile have?
How many 2006 subscribers are named Vodafone?
Name the number of captains for barcelona
Name the chairman for iker casillas
Name the team for javier clemente
What is the season # for the production code 3.89?
Who wrote the episode that was directed by Kevin Inch?
What is the original air date for the season# 2?
What is the production code for the episode whose original air date was May15,2000?
What is the former school of the player from Detroit, MI?
What is the hometown of Jarrid Famous?
What number is the player whose hometown is Tampa, FL?
What year is the player whose number is 31?
What is the height of Anthony Crater?
What is the former school of the player from North Port, FL?
how many countries have remittances in 2008 of 9.07?
how many remittances in 2010 where the remittances is 19.73?
how many remittances in 2010 for nigeria?
how many countiers had 2009 remittances of 6.02?
What is the highest year with field reporter Steve Lyons?
What is every pregame analyst with Chris Rose as trophy presenter?
Who is every play-by-play announcer when Chris Rose is the trophy presenter?
How many teams came in fourth when Otsuka Pharmaceuticals won?
Who was the runner up the season that Sagawa Express came in fourth?
How many seasons did Otsuka Pharmaceuticals come in third?
How many episodes were written by Gregg Mettler?
What date did episode 4 in the season originally air?
Who are all the major users of the Gordon Close-Support Weapon System?
What country made the Flieger-Doppelpistole 1919?
How many years of introduction does the Neal Submachine Gun have?
Who are the major users from Australia?
Who are all the major users of the Saturn Machine Pistol?
in how many of the arkansas colomel the county was pope
what is the name of the coloneo of the 35th regiment
which regiment was in the Fulton County
what is he name of the county where the 2nd division and the 41st regiment was
which regimen was in the arkansas county
When nicole dubuc duane capizzi is the writer who is the director?
When 22 is the number what is the episode title?
When the # is 9 what is the U.S original airdate?
how many representatives from hanover twp were first elected in 2008
when was al landis first elected
which representative is from willowick
which district does andy thompson represent
which party is the newark representative from
who is beavercreek's representative
What was Reid's rolex ranking in the year that her money list rank was 3?
What was the money list rank for Reid in the year that she had 0 top 10s?
How many cuts did Reid make in the year when her earnings were n/a?
In what year were Reid's earnings €4,050 1?
What is the best finish for the player whose earnings was $421050?
What is the maximum start record for player of Jeff Brehaut?
What is the best finish record for Carl Paulson?
What is the best finish record for Sean O'hair?
What is the money list rank for player Doug Barron?
How many athletes were named federico muller?
What was the round of 16 result for felipe saucedo?
The Ring of Steel possesses what ISBN?
THe audio book with ISBN 978-1-4084-6879-1 is read by whom?
The Empty House audiobook has what #?
How many people directed episode 2?
What is the title of the episode that featured Abbud Siddiqui?
How many million U.S. viewers was written by Matt Pelfrey?
When 8.9% is the electricity reduction percentage how many sets of tonnes of co2 saved is there?
When 1522 is the tonnes of co2 saved what is the year?
When £337,000 is £ saved what is the percentage of electricity reduction?
When 8.9% is the electricity reduction percentage what is the £ saved?
When 10% is the percentage of electricity reduction how many sets of universities are there?
What is maximum loss record when the pa record is 47?
What is the minimum ends lost record when the stolen ends records is 6 and the loss record is bigger than 5.0?
What is the minimum stolen ends record where the pa record is 40?
What is the lowest overall amount of w's?
What is the highest L of the tournament?
What is the highest W of the 0 L?
Name the least pa for w being 2
Which skip (club) had 28 PA?
What is the most amount of stolen ends for a skip with 1 W?
Which skip (club) had 31 PA and 9 blank ends?
What is the least amount of blank ends for a skip who has 44 PF?
How many high points occur with the team Umass?
When la salle is the team who has the highest amount of points?
When allen/moore/wyatt – 4 have the highest amount of assists what is the highest game?
When dayton is the team what is the record?
What the title of the song when the result is to the live shows?
What is the episode when the original performaer is diana ross?
Who is the original performer when the episode is casting?
What is the total mumber of skip (club) entries when the pf is 40?
What horse had a starting price of 66/1?
What is the L when the W is 4?
What is the largest number in L?
What is the PA when the PF is 73?
What is the blank ends record when the win record is higher than 6.0?
What is the win record where the pa record is 62?
What is listed under L when the stolen ends is 1?
How many rank entries are there when new points are 1155?
What is listed in new points when status is second round lost to xavier malisse?
What is the status when points is 4595?
What is the status when the rank is 2?
How many points are listed when the rank is 17?
How many seed entries are there when points are 2175?
How many clubs remained when there were 4 winners from the previous round?
What is the maximum number of clubs remaining when the league entering at this round was allsvenskan?
How many different values of clubs involved were there when the league entering at this round was allsvenskan?
Which programs were originally broadcast on CITV?
What is the date of return for the program for the program "Big Brother"?
How many episodes are directed by Jamie Payne?
How many millions of viewers are listed when the share is 10.8?
Who is the director when there are 2.70 million viewers?
How many episodes hve 4.50 million viewers?
Who is the director when the share is 11.8?
Who wrote the episode with production code 57376?
What is the smallest numbered production code listed?
What date did the episode that was directed by Christian i. nyby ii originally air on?
What is the original air date of the episode that was number 31 in the series?
What is the original air date of the episode that was directed by Bruce Seth Green?
How many times is the couple kerry & daniel?
how many times is the total points 128.0?
How many times is the couple laura and colin?
what is the average when the place is 16?
How many times is the rank by average 4?
How many different pairs of writers wrote the episode with series number 56?
what is the school for chris mcnamara?
how many hometowns for faisal aden?
what year is chris mcnamara?
what is the height of columbia river hs?
what is the hometown for mike ladd?
How many seasons did Apocalypstix place 2nd?
What season did the Sake Tuyas come in 1st place?
What is the most recent season where the Denim Demons placed 3rd?
What place did the Sake Tuyas come in when the Denim Demons were 4th?
List all the places that the Apocalypstix occupied when the Denim Demons were 2nd.
Which team has a midfielder of konrad warzycha?
What is the pick number for the team toronto fc and affiliation is ldu quito?
Which MLS team picked player Jason Herrick?
What position did the team new york red bulls pick?
What was the position when the affiliation is ldu quito?
how many peaks where for the chinese episode named 萬凰之王
what is the number of the average of the drama titled  魚躍在花見
how many milion of viewers where in the episode called in english "is a great way to care"
what is the number of the premiere for the 34 peak
In what week was the first game played?
How many object dates have origin in Samoa?
How many origins have titles of Samoan cricket bats?
How many object dates does episode #16 have?
Which films participated in the 61st Berlin international film festival?
What was the result when competing in the Opening NIght Film category?
Which films participated in the 30th Hawaii International Film Festival?
Which films participated when the category was Best Newcomer?
in which year the season was in 5th position
what is the name of the movement in the 7th position
what is the name of the level for the 7th position
how many sections are for the season of 2008
in what year the position was the 9th
Who was eliminated a person at 18:48?
How many entries are shown for entered at 21:09?
Who was eliminated by being pinned after a spear at  22:50?
What number was the person eliminated at 22:50?
what is the circuit where the fastest lap is sam lowes and the winning rider is luca scassa?
what is the round wher the fabien foret had the fastest lap and david salom was the pole position?
who had the fastest lap for round 1?
what is the pole position for france?
what is the maximum round and fabien foret had the pole position?
How many values of attendance occur when ave. on previous season is +645?
What is the lowest value of average attendance when average on previous season is -459?
What is the least value for average attendance when average on previous season is +644?
What is every value for average on previous season if the competition is league two?
What is the least w?
What is the most stolen ends?
What is the total appearances when the total goals is 289?
What is the league goals when the total goals is 179?
How many  total appearances are there when the league appearances is 192?
Who were the away teams when the competition was the 1st ``republic of srpska football day`` and the home team was u 14 republic of srpska?
What were the competitions when the away team was fk kozara gradiska?
What are the names of players from the dr congo?
How many is the high assist total for players from panama?
What was the result of the home match against FK Rudar Ugljevik?
Where was the home match against FK Rudar Ugljevik played?
When 1971 is the year what is the la roche?
When deutsche grammophon is the label how many clairons are there?
When hermann uhde is the count who is the conductor?
When dietrich fischer-dieskau is the olivier who is the conductor?
When karl ridderbusch is the la roche who is the olivier?
For what year is the SAR no. 874?
Who is the writer when the director is bob berlinger?
How many millions of U.S viewers are there when the director is andy wolk?
What is the series # when the director is john showalter?
What is the title when the series # is 7?
Which episode had a share 16-19 of 23,22%?
What was the official rating 16-39 of episode 9?
What is the intro date for the interface that equals pci?
What is the intro date for the throughput of 16 mbit/s?
How many intro dates have the price of 686€?
What is the price for the manufacturer LETech?
What is the price (usd) for the model pq32mu?
Who is the manufacturer whose intro date is 2006 and their throughput is 4 mbit/s?
What was the Lok Sabha in Karakat (Vidhan Sabha Constituency)?
How many were in the Kargahar (vidhan sabha constituency)?
What district has 213 constituents?
How many Lok Sabha are in the one with 216 constituents?
How many countries spent at least $51.0 billion in international tourism in 2012?
How many countries spent $83.7 billion on international tourism in 2012?
What was the percentage increase in spending on international tourism from 2011 to 2012 of the country that spent $85.9 billion in 2011?
Which country saw a 5.7% increase in spending on international tourism between 2011 and 2012?
Name the most other apps for league goals being 1
Name the most fa cup apps for league apps being 27
Name the total number of division for fa cups being 9
How many international tourists visited Russia in 2012?
What was the premiere date for the episode whose alternate title was miłość i przeznaczenie?
Which TV network had its series finale on May 7, 2012?
What was the date of the series premiere whose TV network was TV3?
Which TV network has a country of origin of Iran?
What was the date of the series finale for Peru?
What is every original air date with U.S. viewers of 0.23 million?
What is the lowest number in series when U.S. viewers is 0.23 million?
What were the total apps for Dunne in season where he had 0 league goals?
How many league goals did Dunne have in the season where he had 2 league apps?
How many other goals did Dunne have in the season where he had 1 league goal?
When boston university is the team what is the record?
What is the subject when the highest mark is 79?
How many lowest mark entries are there when % passed is 76?
if the flm winning team is no. 99 jmb racing what is the name of the  lmp2 winning team
Who is every high rebound when the team is Mount St. Mary's?
What position was serena abrami in?
What was gabriella ferrone's result on the 5th evening?
What is the maximum overall number?
When the number is 2 what is the lowest amount of al-wedhat wins?
When jordan fa cup is the tournament how many draws?
What is the highest value of area when capital is San Juan?
How many entries for area correspond to a population density of 207.9?
What is every entry for area if capital is Port-au-Prince?
What is every country with a flag with population of 11346670?
What is the highest value for population when area is 9104?
What many times was the victoria derby raced?
What is the autumn classic weight?
Who directed the episode that had 3.55 million viewers?
What are the dimensions of the coin worth ₩200?
How many different dates of issue are the for the coin with kumsusan memorial palace on the obverse?
What are the dimensions of the coin issued in 1992 with kim il-sung on the obverse?
What is on the reverse side of the ₩500 coin?
What is on the reverse side of the ₩100 coin?
What are the dimensions of the coin with western sea barrage and locks at taedong gang on the reverse side?
What are all the name(namesakes) for the entire chart?
What TV season was the 1st season?
When was the 3rd season premiere originally aired?
What was the 2nd's season's ranking?
When did the season premiere that saw 8.4 million viewers first air?
Who directed the episode that was watched by 2.97 million U.S. viewers?
What is the original air date of the episode written by Liz Feldman?
Who wrote the episode that was watched by 2.97 million U.S. viewers?
How many millions of U.S viewers watched the episode written by Liz Feldman?
How many people attended the uefa champions league competition?
How many women has reached the title of Miss International representing the country ranked as number 1?
How many women has got the first runner-up position in representation of Philippines?
What is the lowest value in the miss international column?
What is the smallest quantity displayed under the title "first runner-up"?
How many women from Uruguay has become third runner-up in this pageant?
What year was player number 10?
How many hometowns are there when Charis Prep was the previous school?
How many different items appear in the weight column when Pittsburgh, PA is the hometown?
Which episode is number 3 in the season?
What is the episode name for series number 45?
What is the highest total for any country/territory?
How many semifinalists has Romania had?
How many Miss Waters has Canada had?
What is the most Miss Fires any country has had?
What is the least amount of Miss Airs any country has had?
what re the high assists for january 29?
What team did the suns play on April 21?
In what game was the attendance at the America West Arena 18,756?
What is the official name of the municipality whose name in Basque is Bilar?
What is the official name of the municipality whose name in Spanish is Cripán?
What is the official name of the municipality whose name in Spanish is Vitoria?
What is the name in Basque of the municipality whose official name is Kuartango?
What is the INE code of the municipality whose official name is Berantevilla?
What is every reference for type and usage of Germanium small-signal RF transistor?
What is every equivalent for the example of asy28?
What is every reference for the example of AF117?
What is every prefix class for the equivalent of NTE160?
What is every prefix class for the equivalent of NTE101?
What is every example for the equivalent of NTE160?
How many manhunt beauty contets have been held in france?
How many semifinalists where from peru?
How many first place participants where from croatia?
What is the minimum sum?
What is the minimum manhunt beauty  contest?
How many people wrote the episode directed by Arvin Brown?
When included ram (mib) is the model what is the sonnet?
When 4 mb is the sonnet what is the apple?
When 0,4, or 8 mb is the nupowr 117 what is the sonnet?
When maker is the model what is the nupowr 167?
When 0,4, or 8 mb is the nupowr 117 what is the nupowr 183?
What is the name of the episode written by glen mazzara?
How many titles are there with the original air date of august3,2010?
Who directed the episdoe veiwed by 3.24  million viewers?
What dated the episode written by is adam e. fierro & glen mazzara air?
in which date the strea was w 2
in april 13 what was the streak
in april 13 who made the high rebounds
Name the game for  l 111–126
Name the score for march 8
in the detroit team who made the high points
what is the score in the philadelphia team
in december 7 who made the high points
in how many dates the game was 2
in the milwaukee team who made the high points
What was the location and it's corresponding attendance during the game against Los Angeles?
what is the km from wellington where the metlink code is mast?
what is the name of the station where the metlink code is mata?
what is the metlink code that opened in 1908?
How many teams did inge – 6 have the high assists with?
What is the record for december 3?
How many entries are there for  high rebounds when high points is inge – 19?
How many games are shown when the is  location attendance is phog allen fieldhouse , lawrence, ks (16,300)?
how many high assits have a date of february 5?
What is shown for fri 26 aug when mon 22 aug is —— no time?
What shows for sat 20 aug when fri 26 aug is 19' 30.70 116.023mph?
What shows for mon 22 aug whenwed 24 aug is 19' 56.16 113.553mph?
What is the thurs 25 aug when wed 24 aug is 19' 59.73 113.216mph?
What shows for thurs 25 aug when fri 26 aug is 19' 30.70 116.023mph?
What's the best rank possible?
List all GT4 Cup winners played on the Spa-Francorchamps Report.
Who are the gt3 pro / am cup winners when the gt3 pro cup winner was no. 1 vita4one?
What is the highest numbered event?
What is every entry for Tuesday August 23 if the entry for Wednesday August 24 is 22' 23.29 101.116mph?
What is every entry for Saturday August 27 when the entry for Thursday August 25 is 23' 56.90 94.528mph?
What is every entry for Friday August 26 when the entry for Wednesday August 24 is 23' 52.67 94.807mph?
When  david ashburn richard westbrook is the gt3 winner and 1 is the round what is the length?
When charles bateman michael lyons is the gt3 winner and donington park is the circuit who is the gt4 winner?
When charles bateman michael lyons is the gt3 winner and 9 is the round who is the gt4 winner?
When  tim bridgman gregor fisken is the pole position who is the gt3 winner?
List the rider for the doncaster handicap compeition.
Name the number of troops for troops per $1 billion being 2.45
Name the total number of troops per one million being 2.76
Name the country for troops per one million being 54.9
Which player(s) played at Howard college?
Which CFL team was pick #35?
Which CFL team got pick 34?
What is Tyrell Francisco's player position?
What is the barony of the Gurraghy townland?
What is the civil parish of the cappanaboul townland?
What are the civil parishes of the townlands with an area of 119 acres?
What civil paris appears when Ballynamona is the townland with 126 acres?
What is the area of the civil parish kilworth and townland monadrishane?
How many barony's appear when Ballyvadona is the townland.
How many items appear in the area column when Glasvaunta is the townland?
What is the fewest area in Derrynanool townland?
What is Lisladeen poor law union?
In what barony are both the townland Dawstown and the civil parish Matehy located?
What barony is Ballycunningham in?
How many different sizes (in acres) are noted for Rathcoola East?
how many areas have townland as kilgilky north?
which cilvil parishes have areas of 405?
what is the barony and an area of 560?
what is the number of areas where the townland is brittas?
What is the Poor Law Union for Coolkirky?
How few acres is the area of Clashroe?
Which townland has a 213 acre area?
How many acres does the area of Lissagroom with Bandon as its poor law union cover?
What is Ballymurphy North's civil parish?
How many acres in the townland of Coomroe?
What are all the acreages of the townlands in the Macroom poor law union and Macroom civil parish?
How many baronies is Maulnagrough a part of?
What are all of the townlands that have exactly 131 acres.
What is the acreage of the Maghereen in the civil parish of Macroom?
What is the poor law union when the townland is bohonagh?
How many entries are in barony when the townland is derrigra?
How many entries are listed in poor law union when townland is dromidiclogh?
What is the area when the poor law union is skibbereen and the townland is knockmore?
What is the circuit located in baltimore , maryland?
Which circuit was located in st. petersburg, florida?
Who had the fastest lap in bowmanville, ontario?
Who had the fastest lap on september 4?
What is the 1985 value for the year when GDP as of 2012 after PPP was 369.38?
What was the gap from Thailand as of 2012 for China?
What is the maximum 2010 value for China?
What is the gap from Thailand as of 2012 for the country whose 1980 gap was 0.29?
How many GDPs as of 2012 after PPP values are associated with a 2012 value of 23113?
What is the max 2010 value for a 1980 gap value is 2.43?
How many viewers in the UK did episode 50 have?
Tell me the doubles W-L for player of laurynas grigelis
What is the newest Cap with a Goals stat larger than 17 and which was done by Brian Turner?
What is the nationality of school/club team of barton cc (ks)?
Shawn Respert play for what school/club team?
Who has position in year 1996-97 in Toronto?
Roy Rogers play for what school/club team?
What year is United States school/club team from Arkansas play in Toronto
Who is the player from United States who play in year 2003-06 in Toronto?
Tell me the average units sold for square enix
Tell me the date for nicolas pereira
what is the date in 1986?
What is the average year for Ponce, Puerto Rico events?
What year did she place 8th in the junior race?
Tell me the NHL team for ryan johnson
Tell me the position for pick of 47
Tell me the pick for pittsburgh penguins
Tell me the nationality for rudolf vercik
Tell me the player for nationality of canada for pick of 43
Tell me the college for jason holland
Tell me the date for rudolf caracciola for avusrennen
Tell me the circuit for 10 may for targa florio
What was the score of the Washington tournament?
On what date was Patty Fendick an opponent?
What score does Vasil Levski National Stadium, Sofia earn?
What score did vasil levski national stadium, sofia, which was friendly during competition, earn?
What is the nationality of the Washington Capitals?
On what NHL team does Roman Vopat play for?
What is the position of the player from the Ukraine?
What Tournament did he place 12th in?
What was the first year he placed 12th
Tell me the circuit for alfa romeo swedish ice race
Tell me the date for bugatti fpr stanislas czaykowski
Tell me the circuit for 20 august
Tell me the winning driver for avusrennen
Tell me the report for bugatti and brooklands
How many years has there been a competition in Helsinki?
Which competition before 1982 had a score of 2:3?
Which competition occurred after 1980 with a score of 0:5 in Jerusalem?
When was there an attendance of 51,342?
What was the attendance during week 7?
What was the score during week 16?
Who is the mInister who left office during 1960?
Which government is number 6?
Which rider had a speed of 90.57mph?
Which country has a place smaller than 8 and points smaller than 5?
What is the lowest number of Losses when the number of Wins is less than 4, the number of Tie is 2, and the Place is 5?
Tell me the post-season record for kansas city
Tell me the venue of 29 april 2007
Tell me the competition of 20 august 2008
Tell me the date of stade des martyrs, dr congo
How much money, in millions, is paid to Infotalent?
What is the purpose of Euromarine?
What signatory has a purpose of police security and Infotalent payee?
Tell me the highest launced for trn
Tell me the period for red rock
Tell me the province for 260km ese of calgary
Tell me the province of 1941-1946
Tell me the degree for chemistry 1965
What is the Election date for Member william richmond category:articles with hcards?
What is the election date for the city of auckland category:articles with hcards?
What electorate does Member dingley brittin category:articles with hcards represent?
What is the election date for the electorate of member charles brown category:articles with hcards?
Tell me the date for acts of 6 bands and year larger than 1981 for monsters of rock
Tell me the stages for 1981
Tell me the event for 6 bands
What is the lightweight value with no information model and the flexible value is unknown?
What is the bore for a 9-cyl radial on a 9 AD?
What bore goes with an 18 AB?
Tell me the venue for notes of 10.93 secs
Tell me the venue for year less than 2003
What is the total number of points team Alfa Romeo 184T won?
What engine was used after 1984?
In which year were the points more than 0?
What were the Tyres after 1984?
Tell me the bp comp 2 for % wt comp 1 of 76
Tell me the total number of % wt comp 1 foR % wt comp 2 or 27
What is the percentage of the popular vote when there were 90 seats available?
Name the gold for silver of 39
What is the compression ratio for the 302-2v Windsor v8 engine?
How many games had 41 rushes and were than 197 yards?
What was the highest number of yards in years where there were fewer than 51 rushes and more than 12 games?
What is the pick # for Dimelon Westfield?
What was the final score of the November 8, 2001 game?
Tell me the bullet tip color of headstamp id of h1z
Tell me the total number of gold for bronze more than 0 and total more than 100
Tell me the least silver for total less than 6 and rank of 8
What is the first leg score in that match where Marseille was the first team?
Tell me the discovery/publication for still living
Tell me the discovery/publication for red deer cave people
Tell me the discovery/publicatio of name for h.heidelbergensis
Tell me the fossil record for name of 1994/2003
Tell me lived for name of 1994/2003
When was the Monza circuit?
What is Metro's win percentage?
How many elite eight teams came from the Atlantic 10?
Tell me the opponent for attendance of 55,527
Which version B-58 aircraft model originated in the United States has 2 in service?
What aircraft type is the Casa C-212 Aviocar?
How many T-260 EU aircrafts are currently in service?
How many C-95 aircrafts originating in Brazil are currently in service?
Tell me the lowest other for albanians more than 8793 and Roma less than 1030
Tell me the highest bosniaks for year more than 2002
Name the lowest ERP W with a frequency mhz less than 103.1
Name the city with 103.1 frequency and ERP W less than 80
Tell me the affiliation for pick number less than 59 and position of gk
What Tournament of canada happened in 1998?
Who had 1990 of 2–2 in 1993?
What Tournament of monte carlo had 1996 and a 1987 of nme?
What Tournament of the french open had 2004 that has a 1998 of 2r?
What is the margin at the Nabisco Championship?
What was the margin in 2001 at the McDonald's LPGA Championship?
Tell me the date of goal 5
Tell me the date for goal of 5
What was the result of Sopot (pol)?
Which division was the Rampage in when they were in the 2nd round in the Open Cup?
What was the Rampage's regular season in 1997?
What was the Rampage's status in the Open Cup in the year that they made it to the 2nd round of the playoffs?
What was the Rampage's result in the playoffs in the year that their regular season resulted in 4th, central?
Which method resulting in a win against Ed Mahone?
When did  the technical knockout against Fatu Tuimanono happen?
When did the opponent knockout Barry Prior in more than 2 rounds?
What resulted after 4 rounds with Ed Mahone?
Tell me the region for georgia
Tell me the host for midwest thomas assembly center
Tell me the region for frank erwin center
In 1971 at MCG, what was the score of the VFL Reserves?
What was the score when Richmond was the opponent?
Where was the match with a score of 18.6 (114) - 21.14 (140)?
At the VFL Reserves, who was the opponent when the score was 18.6 (114) - 21.14 (140)?
Where was the match with a score of 4.10 (34) - 8.12 (60)?
How much is the total BBC 2 viewing in 1999?
What was the rank of BBC 2 in 2005?
What is the BBC 2 rank when BBC 1 is 1st rank and the total viewing is 9,840,000?
In what year was BBC 2 13th in rank?
How many goals occurred for Stein Huysegems when the caps value is more than 8?
What is the largest caps value for Glen Moss?
What is the oldest year that the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra released a record with Decca Records?
What format was conductor Erich Leinsdorf's album released on?
What record company released a CD in 1964?
What division has finalist playoffs and was 3rd round Open Cup?
What year was the team 8th in the season and made it to the 3rd round in Open Cup?
Tell me the launch date/time for payload of gsat-4
Tell me the launch pad for 25 december 2010 10:34
Who had a rank more than 48, and a last in 2005?
Which UEFA confederation member had a rank more than 17 and caps of 114?
Tell me the result of july 16, 2000
What is the maximum cap number where 0 goals were scored with a rank of 15?
What were the fewest amount of guns possessed by a frigate that served in 1815?
Of the games that sold 321,000 units in the UK, what is their average place?
How many units were sold in the US of the game that sold 346,000 units in japan?
Tell me the player from dallas burn
Tell me the sum of pick number for kenny arena
What city is the Northeast Louisiana University located in?
What region is the city of Philadelphia located in?
What venue is in Long Beach?
What state is Knoxville and the mideast region located in?
What is the host in Georgia?
What state is the University of Tennessee located in?
Tell me the date that has a week larger than 3 and a result of w 28-27
Tell me the sum of attendane for a result of w 12-3 and week more than 12
Tell me the total number of attendance for result of l 18-6
Tell me the total number of attendance for week of 16
How many bronzes were held by those with a total of 4 and less than 3 silvers.
How many rounds did the IFL: Oakland event have?
Which opponent has a record of 3-0?
Tell me the constructor for david coulthard
Tell me the pos for adrian sutil
Tell me the part 1 of grid of 1
Name the city of license for call sign of k215es
Name the FCC info for call sign of k208eq
Tell me the total number of date for carpet
Tell me the opponent for 6–2, 3–6, 4–6
What is the nationality of Martin Lewis?
Tell me the opponent of week 14
Tell me the average attendance for week of 11
Tell me opponent for result of w 33-31
What Name is administered by oral or iv, and is being investigated for thyroid imaging thyroid metastases imaging?
Who is the owner with a call sign of cjgx?
Who is the owner of the branding gx94?
What is the call frequency sign of cjjc-fm?
Who is the owner with the branding fox fm?
What is the branding frequency of cbc radio 2?
Tell me the location for altitude being less thaan 6102
Say the region for 6854 altitudes
What is the frequency of number 161?
What is the frequency of number 3 with a bus station origin?
What is the origin of the one with a number larger than 161?
What is the origin of the one whose final destination is Brandholmen?
What is the highest rank of a rider whose time was 1:19.02.8?
Tell me the revised of mccune reischauer of yŏn (s) ryŏn (n)
Name the hanja for hangul of 주
Tell me the hanja of eum
What model was released in 2005?
Tell me the score for 9 may 2001
Tell me the competition for 25 march 2001
Who was the Race Winner of the Southern Illinois 100?
At which track did the event Daytona Arca 200 take place?
At which event was Ken Schrader the Race Winner at the Toledo Speedway?
At which track was Frank Kimmel the Pole Winner of the Pennsylvania 200?
Steve Wallace was a Race Winner at the Kentucky Speedway on what date?
What is the lowest number of silver owned by a nation that is not ranked number 1?
What is Driver Kimi Räikkönen's number on the grid?
Which driver had a Part 1 time of 1:13.306?
What ride opened after 2011?
Which stadium can hold 63,443 people?
Tell me the number of weeks for bye
Tell me the number of weeks for december 5, 2005
Tell me the start time for december 24, 2005
Tell me the result for lincoln financial field december 11, 2005
Tell me the total number of years for wins less than 2 and class of 50cc with points of 15
Tell me the year for class of 125cc
Tell me the average wins for class of 50cc and rank of 8th
Tell me the lowest wins for class of 50cc and team of tomos for year less than 1969
Which country has the highest bronze amount and a silver amount bigger than 41?
What is the lowest amount of medals Russia has if they have more than 2 silver medals and less than 4 gold medals?
How many points did the 2005 1st place team receive?
What engine was used by the teams that used a Lola b02/00 chassis and ranked 1st?
How many years did Team Newman/Haas Racing receive a 1st place ranking?
What is the aggregate of place for points being 35?
Name the fewest points of 5 place
Name the total number of places for vicky gordon and points more than 23
Tell me the opponent for attendance of 68,264
Tell me the sum of week for result of l 24–21
Tell me the result for attendance of 54,462
Tell me the opponent for attendance of 53,899
What is the points that is more than 636 and has a value of 50?
Which rebound was 8 and has and ast that was less than 57?
Tell me the country for ICAO of tjig
Tell me the country for san juan
Tell me the country for ICAO tjvq
Tell me the iata for icao of tjrv
Tell me the icao of isla grande
What position does the Colorado Rapids pick after 15 play?
I want to know the events for 106 bands
Tell me the nomination for ukraine
Tell me the nomination for goran paskaljevic
Which FA Cup apps has league goals of 1 with total goals less than 1?
What is the highest apps total with FA cup apps of 26 with total number of goals larger than 9?
Which league goals has FA cup apps of 2?
What FA cup apps has a total larger than 12 and league apps larger than 38, and FA Cup goals larger than 1?
What was the total attendance on December 14, 1975 after week 13?
What is the sum of all totals with a rank greater than 6, gold greater than 0, and silver greater than 2?
How many values for silver occur when gold is less than 1, the rank is 13, and bronze is greater than 2?
What is the average value of Bronze when silver is 0 and the total is less than 1?
What is the lowest value for bronze with a total of 3 and a value for silver greater than 1 while the value of gold is smaller than 1?
How man values for bronze occur when gold is less than 1, rank is greater than 15, and total is greater than 1?
Name the position of pick 234
Name the team of vitali yeremeyev
Tell me the result for 2007-09-29
How many weeks have an attendance of 64,116?
Which date has a week larger than 14?
Which venue has a week smaller than 2?
When was the Metallica: Escape from the Studio show?
When is the Monsters of Rock show with 12 bands?
Tell me the result for 15 july
Tell me the number range for 1965-66
Tell me the year built for withdrawn of 1983
Tell me the year built for number built of 10
Tell me the result for 2008-12-23
Tell me the director nominated for best actor in a leading role
Tell me the nomination for peresohla zemlia
What are the average laps driven in the GT class?
I want the tsongas of may 22, 2007
Tell me the venue for winner of nevada and year more than 2004
What date is the 1:00 pm game at arrowhead stadium?
Where will the game at (ET) of 7:00 pm be at?
Who is the Driver that has a Laps smaller than 498,  less than 58 points, a car number bigger than 22 and who has won $93,514?
At what location was there a loss on 20 jan?
Tell me the venue for record of 2-7
Tell me the result for green bay packers
Tell mem the opponent for result of w 31-21
What is the average speed of rider Peter Williams?
What is the time/s of team Triumph in those races in which Triumph ranked higher than 4?
What was the score in 1969?
In 1975, what was the final round?
Where did someone run a 61:32
What was Derek Graham's time?
Where did someone run a 58:33?
Tell me the player for pick number less than 29 and mls team of chicago fire
Tell me the opponents for partner of yvonne meusburger
Tell me the date for opponents of raffaella bindi biljana pawlowa-dimitrova
Tell me the highest time for heat rank of 8 and lane more than 2
Tell me the least time for apostolos tsagkarakis for lane less than 6
Tell me the method for pride 33
Tell me the lowest round for total combat 15
Tell me the week for pittsburgh steelers opponent
Tell me the week for record of 0-1
Tell me the time for buffalo bills
Tell me thee record for week of hf
Tell me the game site for week of 1
What was the result of the 1990 world cup qualifying competition?
What was the Score of the match in Torrance, California?
Tell me the score for international friendly 17 august 2013
What position did the MLS team metrostars pick?
What MLS team is affiliated with yale university?
What affiliations have Pick #s under 32?
What players have a position of F?
How many goals were scored when there were 73 caps?
Tell me the build year for total production of 150
Tell me the power output for total production of 100
Name the total production for model nd5
What is the nationality of the player who played guard in 2006?
Tell me the sum of bp 2nd comp with bp azeo of 57.5
Which rider went 18 laps ending +25.165 behind the leader?
What is the result for a year later than 2002?
What is the result for the year 1999?
Tell me the engine for dhg tom's racing
Name the team for toshihiro kaneishi
I want the average year of 敗犬女王
Tell me the role for 2005
Tell me the average year for my queen
Tell me singles W-L that has years larger than 1 and highest singles ranking of 1346
When the Top 10s is larger than 0 and the scoring average 73.04, what is the best finish?
Tell me the score of praterstadion, vienna, and competition of euro 1980 qualifier
I want the score for 28 march 1979
I want the score for 30 april 1977
What competition was the World Championships before 2011?
What event took place in Erfurt, Germany?
Name the team nickname for enrollment more than 42,326
With the lost of 3, how many points?
How many against points for 16 matches?
The 51 points against, how many are for?
For the played in, what are the total points?
What country is the Eurasia Astana team from?
Tell me the 2008 for 2012 of 4r and 2009 of a
Tell me the 2008 of 2001 olympic games
Tell me the tournament of 2009 of atp masters series
Tell me the 2011 tournament of monte carlo masters
Tell me the 2011 with 2012 of 2r
What was the latest round with a running back from a California college?
What were the results for november 25, 1973?
Which Opponent had a week of 14?
Tell me the date for new orleans saints
Tell me the result for week of 4
Tell me the lowest week for w 10-3
Tell me the average heat rank with a lane of 2 and time less than 27.66
Tell me the highest overall rank for lane less than 8 and time less than 27.16
Tell me the total number of time for luke hall overall rank being larger than 105
Tell me the left team for josh vanlandingham
Who had less than 7 goals, was ranked under 7, and had more than 8 appearances?
What was the sum of ranks of those called Fernando Cavenaghi who appeared less than 7.
How many appearances were made by people that had 5 goals and less than 7 rank?
What was the surface for the game that had a partner of vania king?
Who was the partner for the game on October 20, 2013?
Tell me the name for round of e
Name the team one for preliminary final
Name the team 1 for round 3
Name the round for 2nd elimination final
In less than 58 laps, what is the highest grid for Alexander Wurz?
What is the total laps for grid 19?
Name the winning driver for mobilecast impul and twin ring motegi
Name the winning driver for round 7
Name the number of total for 3 gold and rank less than 3
Tell me the naame of Investigation of thrombus imaging
Tell me the name for Investigation of thrombus imaging and Route of administration of iv
Tell me the in-vitro for Route of administration of iv and Investigation of somatostatin receptor imaging
The player is Tim Regan and the pick # is position of d, what's the sum?
The position that has a pick # of 16 is what?
Damani Ralph is associated with which lowest pick #?
Chicago fire has a total of a total of how many #s?
Tell me the score for score in legs and year less than 2012
Tell me the championship for runner-up outcome of 2010
Tell me the outcome for premier league darts
Tell me the sum of Year for outcome of runner-up for world darts championship
In 2007, how many points were won when more than 5 matches were played?
In 2007, what is the average total matches with points % larger than 33.3?
Which player attended school at Georgia Tech?
What position does Ed Stokes hold?
What is Michael Stewart's school or club team?
What tournament was played on May 29, 2010?
What was the surface made of in the contest where Paula Ormaechea was the partner?
Tell me the method with a record of 4-2
Tell me the record for yukiya naito
Tell me the record for kazuhiro nakamura
Tell me the method for stanislav nuschik
What was the Result of IFL: Los Angeles?
Which Event resulted in a Win for Opponent, Shane Ott?
Which crystal structures has a Tc(K) of 110 and the number of Cu-O planes in the unit cell is 3?
Name the gold with total larger than 33
Name the fewest gold for tanzania with bronze less than 0
Who is the opponent for week 10?
For countries that won more than 32 gold medals, what was the highest number of golds?
Tell me fourth place for year of 2010
Tell me the result for 2010 fifa world cup qualification
Tell me the date for 2010 fifa world cup qualification
Tell me the surface for november 28, 2010
Tell me the tournament with a hard surface for 6–1, 6–2
Tell me the date for 6–3, 6–2
Tell me the date for johanna konta
What is the time value for the rider Brian Finch and a rank greater than 3?
What result does the project Once Upon A Time In The West, directed by Sergio Leone have?
What year was Bulworth nominated?
What is the average Year for the project The Untouchables?
Tell me the section for position of 8th and season of 2003
What is the date of week 17?
What was the latest week that the Tampa Bay Buccaneers were an opponent?
Name the fewest tries for leicester tigers with points less than 207
Name the date of st albans city for result of drew 0-0
Name the venue for 15 august 2006
Name the most attendance for tamworth with home venue
Name the least attendance for 10 october 2006
I want the average bronze for total of 19 and silver of 8 with rank of 31
Tell me the average bronze for rank of 43 and total less than 11
Say the frequency of 1290 khz
Tell me the timeslot of calls of wrko
Tell me the format for calls of wrko
Tell me the calls for frequency of 1290 khz
Tell me the branding for frequency of 680 khz
Tell me the timeslot for calls of whyn
For how long did Bolivia have a lane greater than 6?
In heat rank 7, what is the sum of lanes?
Which country is ranked 56 overall and has a heat rank smaller than 8?
What is the greatest lane with an overall rank of 79 and a time larger than 26.1?
Tell me the highest week for metropolitan stadium for attendance more than 47,644
Name the sum of played for serik berdalin and drawn more than 4
Who had the highest total PR seats of 48 with a District seat larger than than 73?
In 1955 which party did Thomas Mitchell belong to?
What are the number of days did the ulster unionist Party have the constituate fermanagh and south tyrone?
What are the number of days in 1945 where the constituent was heywood and radcliffe?
What year was Hazel Grove the constituent for the liberal party?
Tell me the average Laps for grid larger than 12 and bikes of ducati 999rs for dean ellison
Tell me the highest Laps for grid less than 22 and riderS of ruben xaus
Tell me the total number of grid for rider of james toseland
Tell me the least Laps for grid larger than 2 with 35:26.734
Tell me the date with week of 13
Tell me the average week for attendance of 48,113
Which Album had a year less than 2005 with a Label by Ministry of Sound?
Which Album had a bigger year than 2005 and whose country was Australia?
Which song had Central Station as a label and whose album was Various - Wild Nights 4?
Where did Zimbabwe play?
What is the date when Canada played?
Tell me the lowest silver for rank of 9 and bronze less than 2
Name the report for raymond sommer
Name the winning driver for monaco grand prix
Name the circuit for marcel lehoux
Name the report for per-viktor widengren and alfa romeo
Tell me the date for warsaw 1929
Tell me the result for warsaw 1929
Tell me the result for harrogate
Tell me the overall rank for roland schoeman
How many Silver medals did nation who is ranked greater than 1 and has 4 Gold medals have?
Which nation has more than 6 Silver medals and fewer than 8 Gold medals?
What is the rank of the Nation that has fewer than 24 total medals are more than 7 Gold medals?
What is the rank of the nation that has more than 1 Bronze medals and fewer than 4 Gold medals?
How many silver medals does Belarus (blr) along with 4 gold and 4 bronze?
What rank is Belarus (BLR), which earned 15 medals total?
What was the name of the race on 24 September?
What is the name of the race on 9 July?
What was the race that was won by a Maserati being driven by Giuseppe Campari?
What date was the race won by Louis Chiron?
What brand of vehicle won a race driven by Tazio Nuvolari?
What race was won by Tazio Nuvolari?
Tell me the result for week less than 4 and september 7, 1986
Tell me the result for week of 3
Tell me the lowest week for attedance less thaan 32,738
Tell me the ship for lieutenant montagu verling
Tell me the class for admiral and hms frobisher
Tell me the guns for third-rate ship of the line and rank of vice-admiral with year of 1802
Tell me the captain for 1774 and guns of 14
Tell me the captain for guns of 28
Tell me the status of eliminated of anton dela paz
Tell me the finalists for week # less than 2
Tell me the eliminated for week # larger than 4
At the UFC 78, what is the average round when the time is 5:00?
When there was a draw, what was the time?
What is the sum of points in 2010 when the driver had more than 14 races and an F.L. of less than 0?
What was the outcome of the game that had a week number of less than 2?
What heat and what lane is thi hue pham in?
What Heat & Lane is the person who has a time of 1:01.12?
How many laps did Fernando Alonso do?
What was Jenson Button's constructor?
Tell me the package for EEPROM less than 128
Tell me the chip with frequency larger than 10
I want the highest Grid for Toyota and jarno trulli
Tell me the average Laps for grid larger than 22
Tell me the constructor for grid of 17
What years had a manager who lost more than 1 and drawn more than 11?
what is the total win % of manager viktor prokopenko, when he lost fewer than 2?
When 4 clubs are involved, what is the average number of fixtures?
In the sixth round, what is the sum of fixtures when there were more than 15 clubs involved?
Tell me the league for year of 1915/16
What is the make of the car that drove 54 laps?
Who has a 59 cap?
Tell me the sum of frequency for ERP W less than 1
Tell me the lowest ties played with a debut of 1936
Where did the Paris Marathon occur?
Tell me the capacity for city park stadium
Tell me the tournament for opponents of andrei pavel rogier wassen
Tell me the tournament for score in the final of 1–6, 3–6
Tell me the opponents for score in the final of 1–6, 2–6
Tell me the surface for 16 april 2007
I want the average pages for  ISBN of 978-0-9766580-5-4
Tell me the sum of year for 244 pages
Tell me the title for pages of 96
What was the date of birth of a republican member of the United States House of Representatives who held the term of 1863-1865?
What was the age of the member of the United States House of Representatives that began their term on May 7, 1886?
What was the date of birth of the member of the United States House of Representatives that began their term on April 24, 1902?
Which member of the United States House of Representatives began their term on January 4, 1997?
Which state did Samuel Thatcher of the Federalist party represent?
What position does Hedo Türkoğlu play?
How long has Sebastian Telfair played for Toronto?
Tell me the title for japan august 23, 2012
Tell me the title for japan august 23, 2012
Tell me the Australia march 17, 2005
Tell me the Europe for z.h.p. unlosing ranger vs darkdeath evilman
Name the total losses for 4 place and ties less than 0
Name the average place for ties less than 1 and losess more than 3 with points of 6 qc
Name the most wins for losses more than 2 and points of two with place larger than 7
Name the sum of place with ties larger than 0 and point sof 7 qc and losses more than 2
Tell me the number range for 4vip
Name the heat rank for senegal
What is the value for 2010 when the 2012 value is Q2?
What is the value for 2010 when the value for 2006 is A and the value for 2009 is 1R?
What is the value for 2012 when the value for 2009 is 1R and the vale for 2007 is 2R?
What is the value for 2008 for the US Open Tournament?
What is the value for 2009 when the value for 2011 is 138?
Tell me the highest series # for september 22, 1976
What is the screen size and pixel value when the dimensions are 115.5×83.7×102.5?
What is the screen size and pixel amount of model p5000 when the dimensions are 98×64.5×41?
Tell me the championship game for big eight
Name the lowest total for rank of 13 with bronze less than 1
Tell me the sum of original week for september 16, 1982
Tell me the average original week for soldier field
Tell me the date for original week less than 16 and result of l 23–22
Tell me the call sign for frequency of 0 97.3 fm
Tell me the owner for classical
Tell me the city of license for 0 106.9 fm
What year(s) did Hakeem Olajuwon play Center for Toronto?
What position did Jimmy Oliver of the United States play?
Tell me the total number of crest length for year construction larger than 1957 for mattmark
Tell me the % of wt 2nd for bp 3rd comp of 98.4
Tell me the 3rd component for bp azeo of 62.1
Tell me the name with sør-trøndelag
Tell me the elevation for oslo
What was the result of the match against Pat Lawlor?
Tell me the sum of cars per set for operator of london midland
Tell me the title of japan january 31, 2008
Tell me japan for jigsaw land: japan graffiti
Tell me north america for january 23, 2013
Tell me the north america for september 18, 2009
Tell me europe for japan of january 28, 2010
Tell me the north america for phantom brave
What is the average played value in Belgrade with attendance greater than 26,222?
Tell me the role of festival theatre
Tell me the lowest year for shubert theatre
Tell me the total number of years for lady cecily waynflete and opera house, kennedy center
Tell me the role for tea and sympathy
When was the first beatification in Korea that was canonised before 1984?
When was Laurent-Marie-Joseph Imbert / St. Imbert, who was beatified after 1909 and canonised after 1984, martyred?
When was the person(s) who were canonised before 1988 beatified?
When was John Hoan Trinh Doan / St. John Hoan, who was beatified in 1909 and canonised after 1988, martyred?
What is the sum of year with the local host Sai?
Who are the local hosts for the United States in years earlier than 2007?
Which city has a conference of LCC2 and a year earlier than 2009?
Tell me the class with rank of 89th
Tell me the most year for 3 points
Which lane is Goksu Bicer in?
Which Driver that has a Grid less than 9 and a Time/Retired of 2:06:26.358?
Which driver drove a Ferrari in the 2007 European Grand Prix with a grid less than 3?
Name the location of ufc 98
What is the smallest number of wins for the Totals Tournament with a Top-25 value greater than 3?
What is the sum of Top-5 values with events values less than 2?
What is the smallest value for Wins when the number of cuts is greater than 4 and the Top-5 value is less than 1?
Tell me the competition for 2nd position with year more than 2005
Name the sum of year for 2nd position for junior race
Name the venue for 2nd position of year before 2008
Which circuit did Raymond Mays win?
Which Circuit did Johnny Wakefield win?
Tell me the lowest bronze for panama and total larger than 8
Tell me the average total for guatemala and bronze less than 2
Tell me the number of bronze for silver of 0 and total less than 1
Tell me the sum of total for rank of 1
Tell me the total number for costa rica and rank more than 8
What years did Tymerlan Huseynov, whose average is larger than 0.361, play?
Who scored more than 8 goals, had more than 75 caps, and averaged 0.432?
What is the sum of the averages when there are 68 caps and less than 9 goals?
Tell me the 1968 for 1r
Tell me the round of 32 for conference of southland
Tell me the lowest # of bids for win percent of .667
Tell me the sum of cap/hor for double chair and vertical less than 479
What's the compression ratio when the vin code is c?
Tell me the sum of year for extra of junior team competition
Tell me the lens zoom for aperture of model s2600
Tell me the screen size for pixels of model s6400
Name the sensor res for model of s9200
Tell me the nation for bronze more than 0 and total more than 8 with gold of 4
Who is Team Suzuki's rider and ranks higher than 6?
Who was the lowest division in the 7th season?
In 1924/25, who was in the playoffs?
Which division has no playoff but has a 12th game in their season?
What was the venue of the competition that held the 1st position in 2011?
What was the position of the Olympic Games in the year 2008?
Which competition held the 1st position in 2009?
Which venue did the African Championships have after 2006 with a position of 2nd and 3000 m s'chase in notes?
Tell me the label for US region and catalog of 10008-2
Tell me the date for format of cd/dvd
Tell me the format for european union
Tell me the catalog for date larger than 2004
I want the lowest date for catalog of 6561910008-1
What date was there a crowd larger than 30,343?
What was the lowest Crowd total from a game in which Essendon was the Away team?
Which Venue was used when the Home team was geelong?
What is the highest scored in the 2010 east asian football championship?
Which country is Wellington located in?
What label is in download format in the United States?
What label is in download format in the United States?
What label has RTRADLP 346 as catalogue?
What label has 22 January 2008 date?
What is the label for catalogue of RT-346-5?
What position is mentioned for Rice school?
What is the average round for Wisconsin when the overall is larger than 238 and there is a defensive end?
What is the average round when there is a defensive back and an overall smaller than 199?
What was the date of game with a score of 42-6?
What stadium was the game played at when the result was hunter mariners def. sheffield eagles?
What city has a Result of brisbane broncos def. halifax blue sox?
Which player was drafted after round 9 and number 464 overall?
What was James Reed's draft round number?
What was the overall draft number of Tom Fleming, a wide receiver?
Which player is from Dartmouth?
What position does the player from tulsa play?
What is the sum of Magnitude on february 12, 1953?
What was the final score of a baseball game that happened before 2005?
What venue did Richmond play as the away team?
What is the team of Essendon's score in the game where they were the home team?
Who is the away side when st kilda is the home side?
What is the away side score when footscray is the home side?
What is the home team's score at kardinia park?
What was the lowest crowd seen at a game that Richmond was the Away team in?
What was the highest crowd count seen in the Windy Hill venue?
What was the score of the Away team that played against the Home team of Fitzroy?
Which was the lowest overall that Wisconsin's team managed?
Which team was Roy de Walt a player on?
In which round did Paul McDonald have an overall greater than 109?
What is the total overall in round 1, in which Charles White was a player?
What is the name of a running back in a round before round 3?
What is the win/loss percentage with wins of 63 and losses smaller than 76?
What is the away team score when the home team is Geelong?
What was the highest order amount in weeks prier to 15 and a major less than 1?
What is the position of the player from Temple?
Which player is associated with Temple?
Which nationality is associated with Temple?
How many goals were achieved when Chievo was the club and the debut year was before 2002?
How many goals occurred with Diego Milito in a debut year later than 2008?
Who is the home team at the Punt Road Oval?
Who is the away team at Windy Hill?
What is the date of the game that had a crowd larger than 25,000?
What was South Melbourne's score as the home team?
What was the largest crowd of a game where Collingwood was the away team?
What's the lowest round with the opponent John Howard that had a method of Decision (unanimous)?
What's the time for the match with a record of 2-0?
Where was the match with a method of submission (standing guillotine choke)?
What language is the moviein that is on UMP movies network through Sky service?
What language is the movie in that is on SAB network through Sky service?
What was the overall pick for the player who was a guard and had a round less than 9?
What was the lowest round number that had an overall pick up 92?
What open source movie has a CC License of by-nc-sa 1.0?
Which venue had the result 7-1?
What date was the Competition of rothmans cup?
What was the result of the Competition of friendly?
Which competition was played on 8 June 2005?
Which competition had the score 1-0?
Timsah arena is in what country?
What country is Relax-Gam from?
Who is Gerolsteiner's cyclist?
What is Davide Rebellin' UCI ProTour Points?
What was North Melbourne's score when they were the home team?
Where did Footscray play as the away team?
What was the away team's score in the match at Lake Oval?
What was the sum of the crowds that watched Fitzroy play as the away team?
What is the sum of rank with years  1996–2012 and apps greater than 340?
What was the away team that faced Carlton?
What is the total crowd size that saw Geelong play as the away team?
How many wins did Hobbs had a 15th finish at poles 0?
What are the points for the GP3 series with 2 podiums?
Which races have #2 podiums?
What was the 2009 final placing?
What was the points with 7 races?
What venue had south melbourne as the home team?
What venue had collingwood as the away team?
What was the home team score when south melbourne was the home team?
What day was south melbourne the away squad?
What position did he finish after 1998 and a note time of 2:31:40?
What venue featured a notes of 2:38:44?
Who did they play against in a week after 6 and the result was l 30–24?
What opponent has a Result of w 31–0?
During which round was the final cornerback drafted for the New England Patriots in 2005?
What dance was Leeza Gibbons the worst dancer for, receiving a score lower than 15?
What is the worst score for the dance that has Apolo Anton Ohno as the best dancer, and where his best score is larger than 30?
What is the biggest crowd when carlton is the away squad?
What is the sum of crowd(s) when richmond is the away squad?
What is the home team's score in the game played at glenferrie oval?
What was the result of the event against Nate Mohr?
When the VFL played Junction Oval what was the home team score?
What was away team Geelong's crowd numbers?
What is the date they played against fitzroy?
How large was the crowd when they played at princes park?
Who is the away team at junction oval?
What is the away team's score at princes park?
What was the highest percentage of internet users a nation with a 1622% growth in 2000-2008 had?
Who was the home team when Footscray was the away team?
What day did the team play the buffalo bills?
What is the BB Pop for the song with RIAA of G that was in a year earlier than 1961?
Which player has an Other of 3 (15)?
What Name has a Time of 01:17:01?
What is the Magnitude on the Date May 28, 2004?
What Name has a Time of 01:56:52?
What number of Fatalities did the Epicenter Māzandarān have?
What number of Fatalties is associated with the Time of 12:38:46?
What is the Time when the Epicenter was Bam?
Who did Clinton appoint as a Chief Judge?
What was the smallest crowd for a Carlton away game?
What is the result when the time is 1:13?
Who was the opponent when the time was 1:47?
What venue did South Melbourne play as the away team?
What was the away team's score in the match at Victoria Park?
Which position has a Round of 7, and a College of kansas state?
How many rounds have an Overall larger than 17, and a Position of quarterback?
Which average overall has a Round of 1, and a Position of center?
Where did North Melbourne play as the home team?
What was the attendance when VFL played MCG?
What was the score of the away team when they played at Windy Hill?
How large was the crowd when the away team was melbourne?
How many people watched a Glenferrie Oval?
How faced Geelong at home?
How many people watch Essendon as an away team?
Where did South Melbourne go to play a team at home?
What is essendon's away team score?
What is the date with geelong as Away team?
What is the highest crowd at arden street oval?
What is geelong's aberage crowd as Away Team?
What was the date of the game when North Melbourne was the away team?
What is the team with grid 9?
What team features garth tander?
How many stages are in a distance of 2,192 km?
How long was the 16 staged event in 1997?
What was the winning time in 1984?
Who won the 17 staged event in 1987?
Which event happened in 1988?
Where did Rick Mears win, after starting in Pole Position?
Where is the budweiser/g. i. joe's 200?
Where is Emerson Fittipaldi starting in Pole position?
Which Circuit is on July 24?
What date did Delage win?
What circuit did Luigi Villoresi win the Lausanne Grand Prix?
Which Grand Prix did Nello Pagani win?
What did the home team score when playing Fitzroy as the away team?
What did the home team score when playing at Western Oval?
What away team played Collingwood?
On what date did Collingwood play at home?
Name the average round where Dave Stachelski was picked smaller than 187.
Which position did David Nugent play with an overall small than 187?
Name the college that has an overall larger than 187 and a round smaller than 7 for the defensive end position.
Which player has less than 201 games, is ranked 2, and played between 2007-2012?
How many average games did Nick Rimando have?
What is the party of the politician who left office on January 12, 1857
What is the party of the governor under Hugh Thomas Miller.
Who left office on January 9, 1893
Who took office under the government of Matthew E. Welsh?
Which governor took office on January 13, 1877
What is the score of the Geelong away team?
What is the score of the team that plays in lake oval?
What the date of the game of the team that plays in princes park?
What was the score of the home team of carlton?
How many people watched the away team of Geelong?
Which home team has the Brunswick Street Oval venue?
Which home team has the Brunswick Street Oval venue?
Which is the lowest crop total with New South Wales at 42 kilotonnes and Victorian at less than 68 kilotonnes?
Who had a qual 1 best of 1:01.704?
What team had a qual 1 of 1:02.755?
What is the qual 1 for rusport and had a best of 58.665?
What team had a qual 1 of 59.895?
Who had a qual 1 of 1:01.461?
What is the LFN support with 32-bit architecture on Windows Home Server?
What is the LFN support on Windows NT 3.1?
What venue features hawthorn as the away team?
How many cop apps in the season with fewer than 12 league apps?
What season saw 6 cup apps and 5 cup goals?
How many league apps in the season with more than 2 cup goals and more than 6 cup apps?
How many cup goals for the season with more than 34 league apps?
How many cup goals in the season with more than 5 league apps, 1 cup apps and fewer than 4 league goals?
How many cup apps for the season where there are more than 10 league goals and 23 league apps?
Which route has a Date of 2 july?
Which length has a Stage of 9?
Which date has a Terrain of plain stage, and a Stage of 4?
What is the score for Fitzroy when they are the home team?
What is the smallest crowd for a game when Melbourne is the home team?
Who drafted the player from Michigan after 2010?
Where was the player from who graduated from Michigan after 2010?
From what town was Steve Zakuani?
What year did Omar Gonzalez graduate?
Which university hosted in Long Beach?
What is the venue that Saint Joseph's University hosted at?
In which city is Hayman Hall (Tom Gola Arena) located?
Which venue is in the city of Villanova?
On which date did Ger Loughnane from Team Clare have a match?
What team opposed Tipperary in the Munster Final game?
On what date did Limerick play in the All-Ireland Final game?
Who was the opposition in the game on July 29?
What day did the team play week 13?
What was Bye's opponent's attendance?
Which opponent, before Week 10, had an attendance of 63,672?
Which week had an attendance of 70,225
What was the highest number of people injured at incidents located at Rohtas, Bihar where fewer than 13 were killed?
What was the highest number of people injured in incidents in Vaishali, Bihar?
How many people were in the crowd at Victoria Park?
How many points did the away team from Melbourne score?
What date did the home team from Carlton play on?
Who is the manager of the St. Johnstone club?
Who is the manager of the Stenhousemuir club?
What team was home team when south Melbourne was the away team?
What was the away team score when the home team was Carlton?
What was date of the bye week 11?
Where did Essendon play as the away team?
What is the most recent season when Fernando Alonso had more than 13 podiums in a car with a Ferrari engine?
What is the engine for the Bettenhausen Motorsports team?
What engine does Steve Chassey drive with a march chassis?
What is the engine for the Arciero Racing team?
What chassis belongs with the Cosworth Engine driven by Scott Pruett on the Dick Simon Racing team?
What is the engine for the team of Alex Morales Motorsports?
What is the engine for the Machinists Union Racing team?
What was the attendance for Week 1?
Which team did the Patriots play when there was a game attendance of 73,369?
What date was the Week 3 game played?
What was the highest attendance of the matches that took place at Windy Hill?
Which team has a home field at Glenferrie Oval?
On what date is Footscray the away team?
What was the crowd population for Footscray as an away team?
How many bids were there for the .500 win percentage in the Ohio Valley conference?
What is the Championship Game when the Final Four is 1 and the conference is American South?
What is the Final Four with a win percentage of .750?
What is the date of the game at the Arden Street Oval?
What is the date of the game when the venue is Kardinia Park?
Which away team played against the home team of St Kilda?
Which home team competed against the away team of Melbourne?
What was the result of week 1 and the opponent was bye?
What is the site of the game with a Record of 6-2?
What week has a Record of 12-2?
What city has Sky Tower?
What is the name of a building in Courbevoie built before 1973?
Who was the away team at Lake Oval?
What was the home team score for the game where Hawthorn is the home team?
What is the date of the game where Essendon is the away team?
What is the home team's score when the away team is south melbourne?
What venue featured the home side of st kilda?
How many metres tall is the building that is larger than 850 feet tall?
What was Geelong's score when they were the home team?
Where was the game when Collingwood was the home team?
What was Peter Woolfolk's Total Rebound average?
What was week 3 score?
What is the result of the game at Odsal Stadium?
Which championship had a margin of 10 strokes?
Which runner-up player(s) had a margin of 10 strokes?
What was the most recent year that Kathy Ahern was a runner-up?
What is the RTM build of the Windows Home Server 2011?
What is the current version of windows 8 with an RTM build of 9200?
What was the home team's score that played Geelong?
How many rounds were fought with opponent Kevin Roddy?
What was the score when attendance was 19,887?
What week was the Bye attendance week?
Who won when the Patriots played the Denver Broncos?
Who won when the attendance was 8,000?
What channel has an operator of ivptc?
What was the score when Richmond payed as the home team?
Who played against Carlton as the home team?
What was the attendance when South Melbourne was the away team?
Who was the home team when the VFL played Kardinia Park?
How many silver medals did the nation who received 32 bronze medals receive?
What is the highest numbered grid with a time or retired time of 52:52.1881?
Who recorded a time or retired time of 52:56.4653?
What is the average grid number for paul cruickshank racing with less than 27 laps?
What is the lowest total metals of a team with more than 6 silver, 6 bronze, and fewer than 16 gold medals?
What is the crowd size of the game at Brunswick Street Oval?
Who was the home team of the game where Footscray is the away team?
What week has a date of September 3, 2000?
Who was the home team when Hawthorn was the away team?
What was Fitzroy's score when they were the away team?
What was #7 BMW's speed?
What was the crowd size in the match South Melbourne played at home?
What was the away team's score at Western Oval?
What was the crowd size when Essendon was the away team?
On what date was the time of 16:24.12 achieved?
What year did the Capital City Giants have a game with the final score of 8-0?
What team lost a game by a score of 6-0?
What teams played in Capital Bowl IV?
What team defeated the Capital City Giants?
What is the total tenure rank of the person with an uninterrupted time of 49 years, 349 days?
What is the total tenure time of Warren Magnuson, who had an uninterrupted rank larger than 4 and a total tenure rank larger than 9?
What round was the overall 63 drafted?
What is the Swedish name for South Karelia?
What home team plays at Arden Street Oval?
Who has a Jump 2 of 7.06, and what is this person's Jump 3?
Who has an x under Jump 1, a Jump 2 of 7.28, and what is this person's Best Jump?
What is the Jump 2 of the person that has a Jump 3 of 7.77?
What is the Jump 2 of the person that has a Jump 1 of 7.14
Which player from Tucson, Arizona won the Championship?
What was the final score of the player from Inglewood, California?
What tour was cancelled?
Who won the Fedex tour of Calabarzon?
What year has the time of 55:29:20?
What was the score when Mark parterned with lorenzo manta?
Who was his partner when he played on carpet?
When did he play with peter nyborg?
What day did he play on hard with tom mercer?
What was the week 2's record?
What was week 12's record?
What was the Bye week attendance?
When was the kickoff time of the SB XXXVI?
What was the home team score for the game played at Princes Park?
What event had a time of 6:37.73?
What is the time for the 50m breaststroke?
What age group has a time of 6:37.73 at the 200m breaststroke?
What date did the 90-94 year old have a tie of 1:25.91 at the LC pool?
How many point totals are there that rank higher than 9 and have a PPG avg higher than 13.4?
How many players played over 125 games and were named david gonzalvez?
Which host university is based in Missoula?
What state is the city of Ruston in?
Which mideast regional state contains the city of Seattle?
Which region does Old Dominion University represent?
Which state is University of Tennessee based in?
What was the grid for Bruno Junqueira for Dale Coyne Racing?
What were the highest points for less than 78 laps and on grid 5?
How many were in the crowd at the Junction Oval venue?
What was the away team score in the game at Arden Street Oval?
What was the date of the Arden Street Oval game?
What venue saw a crowd larger than 29,840?
When does week 11 start?
Which week starts on December 28, 1997?
When does week 1 start?
Who one in the Tampa Bay Buccaneers?
Which week starts on November 23, 1997?
Who is the away team when the home team was Fitzroy?
What was Melbourne's score when they were the home team?
What is the date of the game where Collingwood was the home team?
Who watches North Melbourne when they are away?
What Away team is visiting Carlton?
What team has Windy Hill as their home venue
When richmond played away, what was the largest number of people who watched?
Which country is ranked higher than 68, with a city named Santa Fe and a stadium that has a capacity of 32,000?
What is the capacity of the stadium with a rank lower than 31 located in the city of Belém ?
What is the sum of week(s) with an attendance of 30,751?
On what date did the home team Essendon play?
What was South Melbourne's home team score?
On what date was the venue of Glenferrie Oval?
What was the score for the away team when they played collingwood?
What was the score when essendon was the home team?
What is the date of the game where Richmond was the away team?
Who was the home team when Carlton was the away team?
Which home team played against Hawthorn?
What date did the Geelong team play on as a home team?
What school/club team did the player who was drafted after round 13 with an overall rank of 384 play for?
What is the largest overall rank for a center drafted before round 10?
What position does the player from Texas State who was drafted before round 11 with an overall rank lower than 306 play?
What is the average overall rank of all players drafted from Duke after round 9?
What is the sum of all rounds where a Tennessee State player with an overall rank less than 261 was drafted?
What is the highest overall rank of any Tennessee State player drafted before round 10?
How many rounds did Blane Smith play linebacker?
How many times was Arizona the team and the round was bigger than 11?
What is the result of the game after week 5 against the st. louis rams?
What day did they play on week 4?
What is the largest crowd at princes park?
What day is north melbourne the away side?
What day is essendon the home team?
How many games had an assist number greater than 54?
Which years did the USA have a rank lower than 6 and an assist number less than 26?
Which year or years did a team win 174 games and had an assist number less than 17?
Which party does Claudette Tardif belong to?
Who appointed the conservative from Ontario on June 18, 1993?
What competition, federation, or league are the Tennessee Titans a member of?
What day is south melbourne at home?
What is the lowest crowd at corio oval?
What venue features carlton as an away team?
What day does the team play at western oval?
What venue features collingwood as the home side?
What is the attendance of week 1
What is the Result for Couple Kelly & Alec when they have a Score of 22 (8, 7, 7)?
What is the Music for the Dance that Scored 25 (9, 8, 8) and a Result of bottom 2?
How many totals are there for players with an average under 8 and less than 4 matches?
What is the highest rank for championships with christy heffernan with over 4 matches?
What is the date of the game at Junction Oval?
What was the away team score at Windy Hill?
Where did St Kilda play as the away team?
What away team played at Glenferrie Oval?
How many people attended the game at Lake Oval?
What home team played at Lake Oval?
What was the terrain for stage 10 of the tour?
Which stage took the tour through Boulogne-Billancourt?
Who won at stage 22?
Who was the winner of stage 12?
When was the Hon Ian Causley first elected?
When was Jill Hall of the Labor Party first elected?
What state is Tanya Plibersek from?
What is the smallest number of goals for the player from 2008-present named tony beltran, ranked lower than 7?
What is the smallest number of goals for andy williams?
What is the highest number of goals for robbie findley ranked above 10?
Which NTFS has a yes for FAT32 and a no for ReFS?
Which HPFS has a no for ReFS?
Which FAT32 has yes v1.0/v1.1 for NTFS?
Which FAT32 has a no for HPFS, a no for ReFS, and a yes v3.0 fir NTFS?
Which ReFS has yes v3.0 for NTFS?
Which NTFS has a no for ReFS and a yes for HPFS?
What home team plays at glenferrie oval?
What is the away side that playes at lake oval?
Who is the away team at western oval?
What is the Icelandic title for the Norweigan titled galgeblomsten?
When is the event at lake oval?
What is the away team's score at western oval?
What's the home team's score at lake oval?
What date did VFL play MCG?
How many times is st kilda the away team?
When the crowd was larger than 20,915 what did the Away team score?
What did the Away team score in their game at Victoria Park?
What did the Home team score when they were in MCG?
What was the attendance for each game held at Foxboro Stadium?
When was the game against the Indianapolis Colts?
How many weeks total did the New York Jets face the Pittsburgh Steelers?
What week did the Jets play in the meadowlands with and attendance of 78,161?
Who did the Jets play in the Meadowlands on week 14?
What was the Jets week 17 attendance?
When did the hotel with 727 rooms open?
Which school(s) had a wide receiver drafted in round 4?
Who was the opponent before week 6 at cleveland municipal stadium?
What date was Richmond the away team?
Which county has a % (2040) larger than 1.8, a % (2000) smaller than 4.1, a % (1960) smaller than 3.2, and is ranked 13?
What is the % (1960) of Troms, which has a % (2040) smaller than 100 and a % (2000) smaller than 4.7?
What is the % (1960) of the county with a % (2040) of 3.4?
What record company has robert craft conducting?
Who is the conductor when the chicago symphony orchestra is featured?
How many people attended the Cleveland Browns game on November 11, 1979?
The game on September 2, 1979 was during which week of the season?
What was the home team's score at the game where Richmond was the away team?
What was the size of the crowd when Essendon was the away team?
What is the whenbuilt of the Brighton built Blandford Forum with a withdrawn of september 1964?
What was the listed attendance when north melbourne was the home team?
What day was geelong the home team?
Who played as the home team when the attendance was more than 30,080?
What was the highest attendance at Junction Oval?
What was the away teams score when Hawthorn played as the home team?
How many bids does Atlantic 10 have?
What was the away team's score in the game against North Melbourne?
What was the average crowd size when the away team was South Melbourne?
At what venue was the away team Fitzroy?
In what year saw a total distance of 1,870.23 km?
Who won in 1965?
What stage was 1,648 km achieved?
What year was stage 8 reached?
What is the lowest number of bronze medals for teams ranked below 13?
How many golds for teams ranking below 7 with 3 bronze and less than 5 total medals?
What is the lowest score in the Highest score column when Master P was the Worst dancer(s), Drew Lachey was the Best dancer(s), and the Lowest score was under 8?
Which of the Worst dancer(s) has the Lowest score of 14?
What is the Dance with the Highest score under 30 and Stacy Keibler as the Best dancer(s)?
What is the lowest of the Highest score for the Quickstep Dance and the Lowest score under 16?
What is his record at ufc 67?
What is his record at ufc 115?
Which opponent had an attendance of 40,070?
What's the result for the game held on December 27, 2004 with a week greater than 2?
Who was the opponent for week 6?
Which opponent had the result of W 24-14?
What's the attendance for the game held on January 2, 2005?
Which had an attendance of larger than 33,435?
Which team lost under interim head coach, Dewayne Walker?
What was the result under interim head coach, Gary Darnell?
What team has a bowl of humanitarian?
What is the result under the season coach Rich Rodriguez?
Who is the 2008 head coach of UCLA?
In what score did the match against Marcos Daniel end?
What was the score of the game played on a clay surface on June 6, 2005?
On what date did the match against Flavio Cipolla, played on a clay surface, occur?
What was Fitzroy's score when they were the home team?
Where was the Hawthorn game played?
What was the away teams score at Princes Park?
Which Rider finished with a speed of 81.91mph?
Which Rider finished with a speed of 80.18mph?
What is the home team's score at princes park?
What is the venue for the Footscray home team?
Which home team's venue is Windy Hill?
What is the score for Hawthorn as an away team?
What is the score of the away team when the home team is Essendon?
What date was the Home team fitzroy?
What is the largest crowd when st kilda was the away team?
What was the score of essendon when they were the away team?
What home team played at the western oval?
Which mid-hill zone has a slightly warm temperature?
Which one took place on December 3, 1995?
Who was the opponent of the New Orleans Saints?
What grid has 23 laps done by Josh Brookes?
What is noriyuki haga's time?
What laps have a Time of +28.778?
Where was the game held where Hawthorn was the away team?
What was the date of the game when Richmond was the home team?
Who was the home team at the game played at Kardinia Park?
What is the date of the game when the venue is MCG?
What is the home team score when the away team is Essendon?
What is the name of the away team whose venue is Kardinia Park?
What was the result when they were on a bye week?
What was the result when the attendance was 25,418?
Which of the Latest version was released on Release date 1987-12-09?
Which Source model has a 16-bit* Architecture?
Which of the Latest version had a 16-bit Architecture and was released on Release date 1985-11-20?
Which Architecture was released on Release date 1988-05-27?
Which Source model has a Release date of 1992-04-06?
Who is the away side when collingwood is at home?
Who is the home team at arden street oval?
What is the WPW freq with a day power of 250?
Is WPEO in stereo?
What is Park Tae-Hwan's final time?
What was the largest crowd for an away Carlton game?
Who was the home team for the game played at Corio Oval?
The safety position is represented in the draft by which colleges?
In how many rounds of the draft was there a college from Georgia involved?
What is the Time of Driver Jan Heylen (r)?
What Grid has Driver Cristiano da Matta?
Which Driver has less than 84 laps, more than 9 points and is on Rocketsports Racing Team?
Which team has less than 73 laps and a gearbox time?
What is the car with the lowest extinct year that has a NBR class of 32?
What is the home team that played at Corio Oval?
On which date was St Kilda the home team?
What is the Austin record of Kansas State?
What was the result of the last 5 meetings for a team with an L 1 streak?
Who is the partner on a date later than 1971 who is the runner-up with a score of 3–6, 3–6?
What is the first year that Mario Lemieux from Canada won playing center?
What country did mario lemieux play for in 1994?
What player played center in 2010?
Who is the player associated with the Esher venue?
In which venue did 0 pens and 1 try occur?
What was the score of the game against the St. Louis Cardinals?
Which model has a CPU speed of 133mhz?
Which model has a maximum memory of 512 mb?
What is the maximum memory of the model that has a standard memory of 16 mb?
What is the largest crowd for a Melbourne away team?
What is the home team score when the home team is Essendon?
Which opponent was playing on December 20, 1998?
When was the game that was held at the Princes Park?
What was the smallest crowd size at a home game for Footscray?
What was Melbourne's score as the home team?
What was the away team that played Fitzroy?
What was the sum of the crowds at Western Oval?
What country had a winner in 1907?
What velodrome took place earlier than 1950 with a winner from France in tandem paced over a distance of 951.750 km?
Where was the game played when they kickoff was 12:00 p.m., and a Record of 8-5?
What date has a Game site of bye?
What is the record which shows Kickoff as kickoff?
What is the record when the game was played at raymond james stadium?
What is the kickoff for the game on october 22, 2000?
Which Hindi network is based in India and uses dish service and shows general programming?
Which language is used by the optimum TV service that shows cricket and is based in the United States?
What is the origin of the Malayalam Dish Service that shows general programming on the Asianet Plus network?
What is the average grid number with a ferrari and a time or retired time of 1:32:35.101?
What week of the season was November 24, 1957?
What was the score of the game against the San Diego Chargers?
What is the latest week with the date of november 5, 1995?
What was the outcome of the Tournament in Buenos Aires?
In the match played with partner Andres Molteni, with the outcome of winner, who was the opponent?
What is the player with a Span of 1998-2009?
What draw has a Span of 1987-1999?
What player has a span of 1997-2009?
What round did Takayo Hashi face Yoko Hattori?
What was the away team that played at Princes Park?
What was the date when Footscray was the away team?
What was the home team's score in the match at Victoria Park?
On what date was South Melbourne the away team?
What away team did Carlton play?
What is the sum of bronze when silver is greater than 3?
What is the average total when gold is 0, bronze is 0, and silver is smaller than 1?
What was the total attendance in week 8?
Who was the winner in 2007?
What sport was played before 2006 with a loser of france b?
Who was the winner with the loser being russia-2?
Who was the loser playing football with england b as a winner after 1992?
What was the name of the race that occurred in Brooklyn, Michigan with a sanctioning of cart?
Where did the Gould Rex Mays Classic 150 occur?
What is the date for the race that has a circuit of Milwaukee Mile and the sanctioning of cart?
15 albums were released in the UK during which year?
What is the venue where Collingwood played as the home team?
What is the size of the crowd for the game with Footscray as the home team?
What is the largest crowd for any game where Footscray is the home team?
What is the maximum number of draws when the diff is smaller than 186, points are fewer than 12 and games played fewer than 6?
What is the average diff when games played are more than 6?
What is the highest draws when more than 6 are played and the points against are 54?
What is the maximum number of points against when the team has more than 0 losses and plays fewer than 6 games?
What is the number of games played for the team with 12 points and an against smaller than 52?
What is the lowest average parish size with 47.2% of adherents and 4,936 regular attendees?
What is the average regular number of attendees that has 79 parishes?
Which Grand Prix has the Circuit of Lille?
Which winning driver of the Roussillon Grand Prix had an Alfa Romeo?
Which Constructor won the Roussillon Grand Prix?
Which Driver won the Circuit of Rio de Janeiro?
What day did the VFL pay MCG?
What was November 4, 1973 attendance?
What is the number of laps with a Constructor of renault, and a driver of jacques villeneuve?
What is the time/retired for grid 3?
What is the time/retired for grid 8?
What is the time/retired for a grid larger than 11, laps larger than 41, and nick heidfeld?
Who was the driver with less than 53 laps, Grid larger than 17, and a Time/Retired of spin?
Who has won $98,860?
What team is travelling to play Hawthorn?
What is the smallest crowd at the Victoria Park Venue?
What is the score given by the Home team Geelong?
What is the largest crowd at arden street oval?
What is the home side's score at western oval?
What venue is in the state of Connecticut?
What venue is in the city of Durham?
In what state is the Thomas Assembly Center located?
What venue is located in Indiana and hosted at Purdue University?
What city is located in Oklahoma?
In what city is the United Spirit Arena located?
What was the result when they had their bye week?
What was the attendance of the Browns' September 7, 1953 game?
When was the Browns' game that over 36,796 attended?
What Young rider classification has a Stage of 18?
Who has a Team classification of la vie claire, a stage of 20, a General classification of greg lemond?
What is the classification with a Team classification of la vie claire and a Stage of 12?
What is guido bontempi's general classification when he has a stage of 6?
What is Ludo Peeters' team classification?
Which date had less than 3 goals and a result of (w) 2-0?
On what date was a match held at MCG?
When Fitzroy are the away team, what is the average crowd size?
What is footscray's away team score?
What is the record of Jeremija Sanders' opponent?
What is the average number of tries that has a start larger than 32, is a player of seremaia bai that also has a conversion score larger than 47?
For the player fero lasagavibau who has the lowest start?
Who was the opponent when Raphael was 4-0?
What was the average round when he had a 3-0 record?
What was the location when he had a 2-0 record?
What was the result when he went 1 round against jeremy beck?
What was the result of the game in halifax?
What stadium is located in Halifax?
What day did they play in salford?
What was the earliest week the team played the chicago cardinals in front of less than 25,312?
What day did they play on week 4?
What was the attendance during the week 1 match?
During what week was the match on November 10, 1963?
What was the result of the match on December 1, 1963?
What day is hawthorn the away side?
What is the average crowd size for games with north melbourne as the away side?
How many forms have less than 18 pages?
What is the sum of forms with greater than 17 pages and a total of $1,801,154?
Which venue hosted South Melbourne?
What was the scored of the Away team that played against Richmond?
What is the result week 6?
How many goals did sture mårtensson score?
How many goals for the player with 2 caps at degerfors if?
What catalog came out after 2000?
What was the attendance on week 7?
What opponent did they have a bye result against before week 14?
Which home team has an Away team of fitzroy?
What was North Melbourne's score when they were the home team?
What was Richmond's score as the home team?
Who was the opponent when Richmond played as the home team?
What was the attendance at the Kardinia Park game?
What was the score of the team North Melbourne played at Arden Street Oval?
What date did the game at Arden Street Oval take place?
What is the date of the game with 36,766 fans?
Which higher secondary school listing has the lowest total and an Aided amount larger than 14?
Which Institution has a Total smaller than 13, a Government amount of 1, and an Aided amount of 0?
Which IATA is associated with China and an ICAO of ZSPD?
Which airport is associated with Macau?
What is the IATA for Nanjing?
Which airport has an ICAO of RCKH?
Which airport has an IATA of TYN?
Which country contains the Shanghai Pudong International airport?
What was Footscray's score when it played as the home team?
hat was Hawthorn's score as the away team?
What was the Outcome against Opponent in the Final Carlos Kirmayr?
What was the Score in the Final against Opponent in the Final Manuel Orantes, prior to 1978?
Against Opponent in the Final Ivan Lendl, on a Surface of clay, with an Outcome of runner-up, where was the Championship?
What is the earliest Date on a Surface of clay in a Championship in Linz, Austria?
Who playes the sport of athletics?
What team has a year listed of 2008?
What venue was the game played in when the away team was fitzroy?
What is the film type for the movie Sanctuary?
What different types are there with a CC License of by-nc-sa 2.5?
What are the open source movies with planned releases in 2013?
What was the lowest rank by average of a couple who had an average of 23 and a total of 115?
What is the colonized date for Michigan?
What is the colonized year for the chartered year 1958?
When was shippensburg university Colonized?
What is the colonized date for the n/a charter range for appalachian state?
What state has colony as a status and shippensburg university as the school?
What was the Home Team Score for the Windy Hill Venue?
What is the Essendon Home Team's venue?
How large a crowd did the Fitzroy Away team draw?
What is Van Waiters position?
What is the capacity of the team in tucson, USA?
What is the date for the podcast episode number 103?
What is the name of the podcast on November 21, 2004?
What was the tonnage of the Great Britain ship Batna?
How many silver medals were won when there were 4 gold and 22 in total?
What car number has 130 points?
What is the lowest number of laps for ryan newman with over 96 points, a cur number under 24,
What is the sum of car numbers with less than 126 points and 147 laps?
How many total laps for the driver with Winnings of $116,033, and a Car # smaller than 18?
What was the home team's score at kardinia park?
What is the venue when melbourne is the away team?
What is the smallest crowd that Footscray had as the away team?
Where is the Mackey Arena located?
What state has the University of California, Los Angeles?
What region does the University of California, Los Angeles play in?
What venue is in Santa Barbara, California?
What Venue is in Colorado?
What city is Mackey Arena in?
What lane is David Carry in heat 1?
Who is the opponent after week 9 at rich stadium?
What was the attendance on 1997-12-14?
For the 1967 Cleveland Browns season what is the total number of times they played the Minnesota Vikings and had an atttendance smaller than 68,431?
What is the lowest attendance for a game before 10 weeks on November 12, 1967
What is the smallest number of injured in mayurbhanj, odisha and less than 1 killed?
Which Away team has Carlton for it's Home team?
Which Venue has Footscray as it's Home team?
What home team has Richmond listed as their Away team?
What is the number of the crowd for the home team of South Melbourne?
What is the away team score for the home team listed as Footscray?
Which venue exceeded a crowd size of 33,642?
What was the attendance at the Meadowlands against the New England Patriots?
What game did Jets have an attendance of 78,722?
Who played the Rams on October 2, 2005?
What was the attendance of the game on December 11, 2005?
What was the result of the game played in front of 65,473?
How large was the crowd at Carlton's home game?
What was the score when St Kilda played as the home team?
What was the crowd when the VFL played Windy Hill?
What was Carlton's score when they were the away team?
What was the away team that played at Corio Oval?
Which Home team faced the Away team, Hawthorn?
What was the Home team's score when the Venue was mcg?
What is the division in the season more recent than 2012 when the round of 16 was reached in the FA Cup?
What is the division in the season with 13 tms and pos smaller than 8?
Of the games before week 3 which had attendance great than 65,904?
What was the first week to have attendance of 65,866?
Where is the Belhaven College SSAC conference location?
What American Southwest Conference school was founded in 1883?
Which League showed 7,975 for an average attendance?
What is the average attendance of the team that had a regular season result of 2nd aisa, 24-16?
Who won Group VI, when Group 1 was won by deportivo, group IV by sevilla, and group III by Valencia?
Who won group III when group 1 was of the racing club?
Which team is John Williams a rider for?
How big was the crowd when Geelong was the home team?
Who was the away team when Hawthorn was the home team?
What is the total in the case where theere are 6 lecturers and fewer than 48 professors?
What is the total in the case when there are more than 4 associate professors, 5 lecturers and fewer professors than 40?
How may lecturers are there in the case when there are more than 8 assistant professors, fewer than 35 associate professors, more than 14 professors and total of more than 81?
What is the maximum number of associate professors when there are more than 5 assistant professors and fewer than 14 professors?
Which country has the banglavision Network?
Which general service in India is a part of the zee variasi network?
Which sliding tackle has no dump tackle and a restricted shoulder charge?
Which bumping/blocking has a yes for both the ankle tap and steal/intercept ball?
Which body tackle has yes for the diving tackle and the sliding tackle classified as a trip?
Which Chicken wing has no steal/intercept ball?
Which steal/intercept ball has no for both the sliding tackle and dump tackle?
Which shoulder charge has restricted as the body tackle?
Which player has West Virginia listed as their school/country?
What is the average crowd size when fitzroy plays at home?
What is the result of the election with 3,871 total votes?
What is the lowest number of bids in the Missouri Valley conference?
What was the attendance on the bye week?
What was the last week when the team had a bye week?
Where was the game held where North Melbourne was the away team?
What was the smallest crowd size for a home game for Richmond?
When did the 1966 Cleveland Browns play the Green Bay Packers?
How many points did South Melbourne score as the home team?
On what date was the home team Footscray?
What is the average amount of goals that have a goal difference or 8 and the losses are smaller than 12?
How many goals have a Lokomotiv Plovdiv club and goals against larger than 58?
What is the average goal difference using slavia sofia club?
What is the played average that has botev plovdiv as the club and wins larger than 11?
Where did they play on their bye week?
What is the kickoff that has a NFL.com recap, is played before week 17, and is played at arrowhead stadium?
Who is the home team at brunswick street oval?
What is the home team's score at brunswick street oval?
Which match had the largest crowd size where the away team was North Melbourne?
What was North Melbourne's score as an away team?
What was the away team's score against Hawthorn?
What was the away team that played the home team of Geelong?
Which week with Green Bay Packers as an opponent is the highest?
What is the number of starts for the player who lost fewer than 22 and has more than 4 tries?
What is the total losses for the player with fewer than 51 pens, 3 tries and 45 starts?
What is the average crowd size at glenferrie oval?
What is the away team's score when the away team is geelong?
What is the largest crowd when melbourne plays at home?
What was the championship game for the Southwest conference?
Which manager has Sol Campbell as captain?
What team does Carlsberg sponsor?
Who sponsors Middlesbrough?
Which sponsor has Mark Hughes as manager?
Which kit maker does Aston Villa use?
Who captains Portsmouth?
What bombing happened in Brighton, UK?
What result had a score of 3–0?
For the venue of suwon world cup stadium , suwon , south korea and a Score of 3–0 what is the result?
What is the top goal for the result of 2–3?
When was the time of 12:49:08 first set?
What was the date when the attendance was 77,918?
What was the attendance of the game played in the Georgia Dome?
What was the date when the attendance was 73,529?
What away team played at Western Oval?
What was the smallest crowd when Footscray played at home?
What was the outcome when she partnered with mashona washington?
What is the listed crowd at junction oval?
What is the sum of crowd(s) when north melbourne is away?
What day is south melbourne away?
What was the score of the competition on 23 November 2003?
Where did Richmond play as an away team?
When did South Melbourne play at home?
What is the average election for vicenza province with the liga veneta party?
What is the sum of elections in vicenza?
What province has an election after 2009?
What format does Japan use?
What date has a catalogue of 540 3622?
What format has a catalogue of asw 40362?
What date has a catalogue of asw 40362?
On what Date is the Crowd larger than 17,000?
Which Away team has the Home team of Carlton?
What was the score of the Jeff Tarango game?
Where did Collingwood play ae the away team?
What was the score when there was more than 27,000 in attendance?
Where did Hawthorn play as the home team?
In 1990-2005 what is the lowest Start with Convs smaller than 2?
What is the total of the crowd when the home team is footscray?
What is the away team score when the away team is Essendon?
How many weeks ended in a result of L 20-10?
What was the attendance in week 6?
Who was the opponent in the game that had an attendance of 60,066?
What is the designation of material or non-material for either positional or automatic with no rectified count and either opponent?
What is the value for positional opponents with no material or non-material, and 3 suits?
Is it material or non-material when there are 2 suits for either opponent?
Is the count rectified for single opponents, either positional or automatic, and no material or non-material?
How many points did Happy Valley score before game 14?
How many draws did the game after game 14 with goal gain 17 have?
How many total draws were there with a less than 8 loss, more than 30 points, and a goal diff larger than 26?
What is the highest loss before game 14?
How many average points did the player with a time/retired of +16.789 and have more laps than 68 have?
How many average points did the team Minardi Team USA have when there was a grid 3 and more laps than 68?
Which was the highest crowd drawn by an Away team in Richmond?
Which home team has a venue of Arden Street Oval?
Which away team has a venue of Arden Street Oval?
What is the value for 2011 corresponding to a 2007 value of 1r?
What value in 2013 corresponds to Grand Slam Tournaments in 2012?
What is the 2012 value when the 2011 and 2007 values are 1R?
What value for 2013 corresponds to the US Open Tournament?
The school nicknamed the wildcats has what sum of enrollment?
What is the Founded year of the school located in Paul Smiths, New York?
What was fitzroy's away side score?
What player attended UAB college?
What was the score of the game at RIch Stadium?
Who had the best time of 1:32.269?
Who from Conquest Racing had the best time of 1:34.748 in Qual 1?
Who in Qual 2 had the best time of 1:31.327?
What was Dan Selznick best time?
What team had 1:34.578 in Qual 2?
Jiang Tengyi is on which team?
What is the away team's score when footscray is the away team?
What was the rank for czechoslovakia with 1 bronze?
How many bronze medals for the nation with over 9 golds?
What is the average number of goals that occurred in Hong Kong Stadium, Hong Kong?
Which country uses pound sterling with a value higher than 1.33 USD?
What venue features carlton at home?
What venue features fitzroy as the away side?
What was the smallest crowd that Melbourne played for at home?
What home team played the away team of Richmond?
What is the high score for the player with 0 stumps, 4 catches, more than 14 inns and an average smaller than 56.1?
What is the total number of runs for the player with fewer than 9 Inns?
What is the smallest average for the player with 13 matches and fewer than 7 catches?
Which city is the host of the University of Texas?
In which region is the Thompson-Boling arena located?
Who is the host in the city of Philadelphia?
Which city in the mideast region is the hot of Temple University?
Which city is the University of Montana located in?
What was the away team score at Hawthorn?
Who went to Geelong to play?
Who did Collingwood play at home?
Which population is the greatest, has a density of 20.3, and an area (km²) larger than 50,350?
Who was the home team at the game held at the Junction Oval?
Where was the game held when Fitzroy was the away team?
How many people attended the Rams game against the Kansas City Chiefs?
What is China's IATA?
Where is the City of Douala?
Which airport is in South Africa and has a ICAO fajs?
What is Cuba's ICAO?
What is Angola's airport and ICAO of fnsa?
What team plays at home at Windy Hill?
What was Footscray's score as an away team?
What day is richmond the away side?
Who is the home team when hawthorn is the away team?
What is the name of the game with odds of winning 1 in 4.23 with a top prize of $15,000?
What is the launch date odds of winning 1 in 4.23 with a top prize of $15,000?
What is the launch date odds of winning 1 in 4.54?
What is the launch date odds of winning 1 in 4.44?
What is the name of the game with a top prize of $888?
What is the top price of $1 with a launch date on February 12, 2008?
What is the highest number of laps when there are less than 5 points for team garry rogers motorsport and the grid number is under 23?
What is the name of the driver who went 46 laps had less than 9 points and had a grid number under 12?
Where was the 1966 final played?
What is the average Worst score for Mario Lopez as the Best dancer and Tango as the Dance?
What is the highest Best score for the Dance Mambo?
Who is the Best dancer with the Worst dancer of Jerry Springer, a Best score of 29, and the Dance was the Quickstep?
How many dances placed below 1 with a point total of 40?
What is the lowest number of dances with a rank larger than 4 and a place of 8?
What is the lowest number of dances with a less than 2 place and an average smaller than 27.5?
What is the total difference for teams that played less than 6 games?
What is the highest number of games played for teams that lost over 5 games and had an against total of 228?
How many games lost for team(s) with less than 4 paints and against total of over 340?
What week was the game that had an attendance of 24,242?
What was the attendance of the game that had a score of l 35–14?
When was the pre-Week 10 game that had an attendance of over 38,865?
Which Location has a PPV Buyrate of 775,000?
Where did Geelong play as the away team?
What was the away team's score against Hawthorn?
When Fitzroy was the home team, what was the away team's score?
How big was the largest crowd recorded at the Arden Street Oval venue?
What is the smallest attendance in week 1?
What is the larges week for the date  august 9, 1968 and less than 64,020 in attendance?
What is the smallest attendance number for august 9, 1968?
What was the result of the game on august 30, 1968?
What is the class of the w267an call sign?
What is the lowest ERP W of the 67829 Facility ID?
What is the FCC info for the call sign with a frequency MHz of 101.3, a ERP W over 10, and a Facility ID smaller than 87027?
What was the average of the Off Reb with steals less than 8 and FTM-FTA of 16-17?
Which song released on heavenly (hvn152)?
Which album had a release of heavenly (hvn95)?
What is the sum of all the rounds when a Florida State player was drafted?
What is the average round in which a Safety with an overall rank higher than 89 was drafted?
Where was 2010 tournament where the United States received the silver?
Where was the tournament where Finland received the bronze and the United States received the silver?
Who received the gold at the tournament at bratislava where the Czech Republic received the silver?
Where was the post 1991 tournament where the Czech Republic received the bronze and Russia received the silver?
Who was the away team at the game at Kardinia Park?
What was the smallest crowd for a Melbourne away game?
What day did the team play on week 8?
What was the average size of the crowd for matches held at Corio Oval?
What home team played against St Kilda?
At what venue was South Melbourne the home team?
What was Hawthorn's score when they were the home team?
What was the home team's score when they played at Lake Oval?
What is the latest available income inequality for the country with a population of 21,315,135?
What is the IEF 2011 of the country with an FSI 2012 of 99.2?
What is the current income inequality for the country of Seychelles?
What is the HDI 2011 of the country with a DI 2011 of 7.63?
What country has an IEF 2011 of 45.3?
What date did South Melbourne play as the Away team?
Where did Essendon play as the home team?
What position does the player from arkansas play?
Who is the away side at glenferrie oval?
What is the away side's score when richmond is at home?
What was the crowd size at Collingwood's match?
What was the crowd size at Arden Street Oval?
What is the status of the match between Scotland v Northern Ireland?
In what week was the game on August 10, 1956 played?
What was the attendance of the game in week 6?
In what week was the game on August 24, 1956 played in front of 40,175 fans?
What signal quality does the KCAL-DT channel have?
What original channel is associated with B Mountain Channel 9?
What B Mountain Channel has station call letters of k41go?
What Laurel Mountain Channel is associated with B Mountain Channel of 7?
What are the translator call letters for station call letters of KCOP-DT?
What date was fitzroy the home team?
What was the score for the away team when the home team was richmond?
What is the venue where the home team is Footscray?
What is the venue for the game on 1 June 1929 where Richmond was the away team?
What was the speed of the rider that earned 1 point?
What away team is playing at the Brunswick Street Oval Venue?
What date does the Home team of Richmond have?
Who is the home team at Victoria Park on 20 April 1957?
What municipality is the Harmon Cove station located in?
What municipality is the Benson Street station located in?
What date shows corrado barazzutti's partner?
Which date has the tom gullikson butch walts final, and who was the runner-up?
Who is the home team of the game against Essendon?
Who is the color commentator for ESPN from 1990 to 1992?
Who was the sideline reporter prior to 1993?
Who was the play by play commentator for ABC after 1998?
What's the earliest year that Al Michaels was the play-by-play commentator, in which Lesley Visser and Dan Fouts were also sideline reporters?
For how many years combined were Frank Gifford and Dan Dierdorf color commentators?
Which sideline reporters worked alongside Frank Gifford and Dan Dierdorf?
When was the Lundy withdrawn?
When was the locomotive named fighter command built?
Which country has a rand of 2 and a silver less than 6?
What is the lowest total of medals that has a gold of 3 and a silver less than 3?
What was the home team score for the game played at MCG?
For the game played at Windy Hill, who was the away team?
For the game where the away team was North Melbourne, what was the venue?
What is the Weight for the Name Billy Miller Category:Articles with hcards?
What is the 2012 club for the Billy Miller Category:Articles with hcards (Name)?
How many medals did China receive?
What is the # of candidates that have a popular vote of 41.37%?
What is the # of candidates of liberal majority with 51 wins and larger number of 2008 in general elections?
How many general elections that have won smaller than 23 with candidates larger than 108?
What venue did melbourne play at as the away team?
What was the essendon score when they were at home?
What venue did melbourne play at as the away team?
What Years have a Goal of 82?
What is the total of overall values with a safety position in a round greater than 1?
What is the average overall value for a round less than 4 associated with the College of Georgia?
What was the average attendance in weeks after 16?
What is the highest number killed in incident #14?
What was the largest crowd at Arden Street Oval?
What was the home teams score at Arden Street Oval?
What was the gold medal total for a total of 44 medals?
How many silver medals were won with a total medal of 3 and a rank above 9?
How many weeks had an attendance of over 68,000?
What engine was used by the team the finished 2nd?
What chassis was used with the Chevrolet engine in 1991?
What was the most recent year when a g-force chassis started in 1st?
What was the starting position in the year before 1986?
What is the name of the Malta vessel built after 2010 that is a GL class Panamax vessel?
Which year was the vessel Deva built as a Panamax DNV class ship?
What is the class of vessel of the ship Hyundai Smart?
In which class would the vessel Hyundai Tenacity be placed?
What was the result for week 14?
Which lowest rank(player) has a rebound average larger than 9, out of 920 rebounds, and who played more than 79 games?
How many ranks have a rebound average smaller than 6.1?
Which player was drafted higher than 374 and went to the school Stephen F. Austin?
What is the lowest round Trinity school was drafted with an overall higher than 21?
Who got the time of 7:52.04?
Which of the opponents has bye as their box score?
How many people attended the game against the pittsburgh steelers?
What was the result of the game on September 25 with a box score of box?
What is the date of the game later than week 13 and 41,862 people attended?
What is the sum of caps for players with less than 9 goals ranked below 8?
What were the years of senior status for active service in 1972–1995?
What were the birth and death years when active service was 1972–1995?
Which active services years ended in death and had senior status in 1972–2005?
Which date featured the Boston Patriots as the opponent?
Who was the opponent during week 8?
What opponent had an attendance of 12,508 during weeks 1 through 8?
What week had an attendance of 14,381?
Which round was Dave Yovanovits picked?
Where did the player picked for the linebacker position play in college?
Who did the Browns play week 12?
What was the attendance in the game against the Detroit Lions?
Who played as the away team when they played at Brunswick Street Oval?
Who was the home team when the VFL played Arden Street Oval?
Who is the away side at junction oval?
Who was the winning driver of the Kraco Car Stereo 150?
What time was the fastest lap during Stoh's 200 in 1982?
What is the date for the player who debuted later than 1972 against Limerick?
Which player debuted in 1973 against Limerick and played his last game at the Munster semi-final?
What date had a Result of l 23–17 in a week later than 7?
How many people attended the game against the cincinnati bengals?
What was the attendance for the game played at 3:31?
What was the time for game 4?
What was the away team's score at western oval?
Before 2007, how many wins were there when the point total was 48?
In 2011, how many wins did Michael Meadows have?
What is the service of the network Set Max from India?
Which network's genre is music?
What genre is Star Plus from India?
Where does the network Star Cricket originate?
What genre is Set Max's Hindi programming?
What is fitzroy's score as the home team?
What is richmond's score as the home team?
Who was the color commentator for Eric Dickerson and Melissa Stark in 2001?
What network hosted Al Michaels, Dan Fouts and Dennis Miller in 2002?
Who was the 2004 color commentator?
Who was the color commentator for Andrea Kremer and Tiki Barber?
Who was Al Michaels' color commentator in 2003?
Who was the home team when Geelong was the away team?
What is the highest overall pick from the College of Southern Mississippi that was selected before round 6?
Who, was the coach with an actual adjusted record of 0–19?
What is the average Season for coach Fisher, and an actual adjusted record of 0–11?
What is the regular season vacated for the Record as played of 12–19?
How many seasons did coach steve fisher have?
What is shown for Record as played with a Regular season Vacated of 24–0 later than 1997?
How many seasons have an Actual adjusted record of 0–19?
How many gold(s) for teams with a total of 14, and over 6 bronze medals?
What is the highest number of gold medals for the team ranked 7 with less than 3 bronze?
What is the average number of golds for nations with less than 2 silver, named uzbekistan, and less than 4 bronze?
What was the away team for the match at Punt Road Oval?
What was the smallest crowd size for the match played at Junction Oval?
What was the home team that played Collingwood?
Which province has Michael Kirby?
Which party is Madeleine Plamondon a member of?
What are the details for Marisa Ferretti Barth?
Which party had a member on August 26, 2008?
What are the details for John Buchanan?
Which province had a liberal party member on December 31, 2006?
Which dance style had a draw smaller than 15 and 18 points?
What was the away team's score for the match played at Victoria Park?
What is Collingwood's home venue?
What was the away teams score when they played Carlton?
What is the latest year featuring candace parker?
What is the largest crowd when north melbourne is the home side?
What is the smallest crowd at victoria park?
What day was geelong the away side?
What is the name of the stadium in Brisbane?
What was the result of the match that had a score of 58-6?
What was the score for the match that had the result of Hunter Mariners def. Castleford Tigers?
For the match ending in a score of 66-20, what was the stadium?
In what city is the Don Valley Stadium located?
Which championship was the 100m backstroke performed?
What event has a time of 7:45.67?
What nationality has a year larger than 2009 with a position of power forward?
Who plays for the chicago bulls?
What are the main places for the streymoy region with an area of larger than 6.1?
What is the sum of people per km2 for the sandoy region with an area of 112.1?
what is the week there were 41,604 people in attendance?
What is the average crowd size for games with hawthorn as the home side?
What is the home team's score at glenferrie oval?
Who had the lowest Best time that also had a Qual 2 of 49.887?
What was CTE Racing-hvm's Best with a Qual 2 of 50.312?
What was the home team score when essendon was the away team?
When richmond was the Away team what was the score of the home team?
Which service does the network of atn urdu offer?
Whose origin of Programming offers a general genre, a network of ntv bangla and a service of cogeco cable?
Which service has a hindi language, general genre and zee tv network?
Which network has an origina of Programming in India, a general genre, a service of bell fibe tv, and tamil as its language?
Which language has Programming from India, general genre, a network of ptc punjabi and bell fibe tv service?
What is the average number of bronzes when the rank is below 11 for trinidad and tobago with less than 1 total medal?
What is the sum of gold medal totals for nations with 1 silver, less than 2 bronze, and ranked below 10?
Who did Winfield Scott have an allegiance with?
What was the July 2013 population estimate of the location which had a population density larger than 14.1?
What was the highest rank of an area with a population density larger than 5.7 and a 2006–2011 percentage growth of 5.7%?
What was the lowest 2011 Census population of an area with a land area larger than 908,607.67 km²?
Which rider from the 1971 Isle of Man Junior TT 250cc final standings had a speed equal to 86.15mph?
Which rider had a points score equal to 10?
Which Start has a 0 Conv, 0 Pens and 8 Tries?
Which Player has 0 Pens and 12 Starts?
Which Start has 8 Tries and 0 Convs?
Who was the away team for the game at Victoria Park?
What was round 7's lowest overall?
Who had the smallest overall under 22?
What was Cal State-Los Angeles' position with an Overall above 22?
Who played for Memphis State?
What is the largest crowd for the St Kilda as the away team?
What was the crowd size when Essendon was the home team?
Which venue had a crowd larger than 20,000?
Which away team played at Lake Oval?
What is the total number of the crowd at Glenferrie Oval?
The Western Oval venue has what date?
What is the kickoff time for the Miami Dolphins?
What was the final of the New England Patriots game?
What is the largest attendance on august 10, 1963, and a week larger than 1?
What was the score of the away team when the home team was south melbourne?
What is the smallest crowd at princes park?
What is the highest ranked nation with 15 silver medals and no more than 47 total?
What was the highest rank by average of a couple who had an average of 25.3 and had more than 10 dances?
What is the example with the associative type?
What is the Suffix of the intensive and valency change of 0?
WHat is the Valency change of associative type?
Who is the home team when hawthorn is the away side?
What was the away team that played at Windy Hill?
What was the away team at the match where the crowd was larger than 30,000?
What is the smallest crowd when richmond is away?
What is melbourne's home team score?
Who is the color commentator in 2008?
Which member of the National Party is from the Hinkler electorate?
Which member is from the state of SA and the grey electorate?
In which state is the Petrie electorate?
What round was the draft pick of tight end with an Overall larger than 21?
Which player is a wide receiver picked in round 7?
What is the name of the running back pick?
When did the VFL pay at Victoria Park?
When did South Melbourne play as the away team?
What was home team Essendon's opponents score?
When was The Love Eterne released?
How many heats had 5 lanes and a rank less than 110 for the nationality of Honduras?
How many heats had 2 lanes, a rank above 75, and nationality of Madagascar?
What is the sum of every heat for the nationality of Macedonia with a rank less than 114?
What was the least number of heats with more than 8 lanes for the Nationality of Germany?
When the VFL played Victoria Park what was the home team score?
What driver has over 19 points and a grid of over 2?
What was the score for the away team when geelong was the home team?
What was the score of the home team when they played footscray?
What was the score for the home team of essendon?
What was the score for the Essendon home team?
What was the smallest crowd for the Richmond home team?
What was the largest crowd at the Brunswick Street Oval?
Who was the home team when VFL played at Windy Hill?
What was the attendance when the VFL played Glenferrie Oval?
What was the attendance when North Melbourne was the away team?
When did Essendon play as the home team?
Can you give me the age of the Virtues of Wisdom?
What Virtue looks at the intimacy vs. isolation crisis?
Can you give me the age of the Significant Relationship of Family?
The Significant Relationship of Parents belongs with what Virtue?
Who is the away side at windy hill?
How many drafts featured fred hoaglin?
What round did the player from delta st. get picked?
What is the highest overall number for someone from round 16?
What was the average crowd size when Melbourne was the home team?
What was North Melbourne's score when they were the home team?
What was Hawthorn's score as the away team?
Who was the away team at the game at Lake Oval?
Which stadium held the game that 65,677 people attended?
What was the attendance of the game on October 17, 2004?
Which week was the October 17, 2004 game played?
What was the Browns record after they played the game at the Paul Brown stadium?
Which player went to Gonzaga?
Which Rams opponent had a record of 2-3?
What is the number of podiums for the races of 13/15?
How many wins are there for the Races of 12/12?
What is the fastest lap for a season smaller than 1979?
For the 12/12 races, what is the fastest lap?
What was the largest crowd where Carlton was the away team?
Which team's home is the Arden Street Oval?
What was the lowest attendance at a Fitzroy match?
What is the current club with more than 368 apps and a debut year earlier than 1994?
What is the all-time rank associated with a rank less than 9 and a debut in 1994?
Which tournament was played on clay and there was a score of 4–6, 6–1, 6–4?
What is the score for the match where albert montañés was the partner?
What is the score for the match where the opponent in the final was james cerretani todd perry?
What is the date when the opponent in the final is gastón etlis martín rodríguez?
What was the score for the match were the opponent in the final was james cerretani todd perry?
Who is Birmingham City's outgoing manager?
What is the name of the replacement manager for the Bolton Wanderers?
How was Sammy Lee's team doing on the table before being replaced?
Which team hired Gary Megson as the replacement manager?
What was the date of the match played at MCG?
What was Carlton's score as the home team?
What home team plays at Princes Park?
WHAT WAS COLLINGWOOD'S LOWEST CROWD NUMBER WHEN PLAYING AS THE AWAY TEAM?
WHAT WAS ESSENDON'S HIGHEST CROWD NUMBER WHEN PLAYING AS THE AWAY TEAM?
WHAT DID HAWTHORN SCORE AT ITS AWAY GAME?
Who was the opponent on November 26, 1989?
What was the result on October 29, 1989?
What was the result on October 1, 1989?
What is the highest number of losses that a team who had an away record of 1-6 and more than 4 wins had?
What is the home team's score at corio oval?
What network is in the language of Bengali?
What network has an origin in India, a genre of general, and broadcasts in Bengali?
What language does the Ary Digital network broadcast in?
What is the average crowd for Carlton?
How many points did Carlton score?
What was the largest crowd for North Melbourne
What is the score for Footscray?
What is the result of week 5?
What is the name of the gun with a shoulder that measures 10.688 (.420)?
What is the shoulder measurement of the gun with a length of 57.85 (2.278)?
What is the neck measurement of the gun with a shoulder measurement of 10.688 (.420)?
What is the length of the gun that has a shoulder measurement of 12.18 (.480)?
What bullet does the gun with a shoulder measurement of 12.5 (.491)?
What was the attendance for the game held on September 18, 1994, with a week less than 5?
What was the average attendance when the opponent was at Philadelphia Eagles and the week was later than week 6?
What was the attendance for the game on October 30, 1994 for a week after week 2?
What is the title of the episode that aired on September 25, 2005?
What is the run time of the episode that aired on September 4, 2005?
What is the historical reference of the episode that aired on October 23, 2005?
What is the date of the episode that is before 307, run time equals 5:48 and has P.T. Barnum as the topic?
What is the topic of the episode that runs 6:07?
What is the episode number of the episode that aired on August 8, 2005?
What day is south melbourne the away side?
Did the fighter beat Ryo Takigawa?
What is the incident number of the incident that occurred in Dantewada, Chattisgarh?
WHich province has an IATA of UYN?
Which city has an ICAO of ZSXZ?
Which province is Luogang International Airport located in?
WHich province has an IATA of WNZ?
What is the IATA for Korla Airport.
In what division did they place 4th?
What was the top scorer in the 1890-91 season?
Which position has a player at Arizona state?
Which school/club has a pick smaller than 196, a round higher than 5 and has Blake Miller?
What is the average round at which is the position of Tight End and Randy Bethel?
What day did they play the New Orleans Saints?
What was coach Dick Bennett's overall win percentage?
What are the notes for the shirt that said Pavv before 2005?
What are the notes for the shirt that said Pavv after 2007?
What is the average of all the years when the notes are “electronics brand?”
What are the notes for the shirt that says 名品+1 in the kit supplied by Rapido?
What is the largest crowd at Lake Oval?
What was the home team for the game with more than 25,000 crowd?
What was the score for Footscray when they were the away team?
What is the result from March 14, 2007?
How many goals have a result of 0-1 on march 28, 2007?
What venue has a Result of 3-0?
What was Collingwood's score as the home team?
What venue features carlton as the home side?
What day is collingwood the home side?
The event that has a record of 1-0 is none of the above.
What year was Leon Blevins picked?
What year was Jordan Hill picked overall number 8?
In 1981 which team picked overall 148?
How many people attended the game on December 2, 1951?
What venue does st kilda play at as the away team?
What is melbourne's home team score?
How many games is collingwood the home side?
Who was the opponent on the date of November 29, 1970 and the attendance was less than 31,427?
On what date was the game where is was later than Week 4 of the season and the opponent was the New York Giants?
What was the attendance of the game on December 13, 1970?
What is the date before week 13 and Miami Dolphins as an opponent?
What is the attendance for week 11?
What is the home team's score for north melbourne?
Who sponsors Josele Garza in all rounds?
Which rounds did the team Walther participate in?
What team was Tom Sneva on in rounds 1-9?
Which rounds do Arciero Wines sponsor a March 85c chassis?
What years were the inactive North Carolina chapter active?
What years were the inactive Idaho chapter active?
Which chapter was active from 1906-1991?
What are the active dates for the Montana State University chapter?
What state had an active chapter from 1906-1991?
How many people were at the game with a record of 6-1?
When was there a game against the Indianapolis colts?
What is the lowest crowd size at MCG?
What is the average crowd size when the home team is North Melbourne?
What is the away team score when the home team is North Melbourne?
What is the pole position for marlboro challenge?
What circut has an unknown fastest lap on July 19?
What circuit did marlboro team penske win with an unknown fastest lap?
What team does mario andretti play pole position for?
What was the venue where Carlton was the away team?
What was the venue when Carlton was the away team?
What was the highest heat with a time slower than 48.87 from sweden?
How many lanes featured a swimmer ranked above 4, in a heat later than 1, from australia, named ashley callus?
What is the Eurozone result for Population M (LUZ) of 3.08?
What is the GDP $IDB in Istanbul?
What is the most recently founded school that joined in 2011?
What was the home team that played Geelong?
What was the home team's score when they played Richmond?
What is Melbourne's home venue?
What was the overall draft pick for the player selected for the tight end position?
On what date is Hawthorn the home team?
On what date is St Kilda the away team?
Who did the Browns play on October 13, 1968?
Which game is named tsegay kebede category:articles with hcards?
Which event in the 2000 Sydney games was in the category gete wami category:articles with hcards?
Which event in the 2008 Beijing Games had a bronze medal?
What is the medal named fatuma roba category:articles with hcards for?
What is the game named derartu tulu category:articles with hcards?
What is the fastest time for the Kentucky Derby race?
Which track does the Woodward Stakes race take place on?
What grade did jockey Robby Albarado get when racing with Ravens Pass?
In which Age Category is Marco Manenti?
Which year has a Time of 13:23:43?
What score has 3-7 as the record?
What loss has 16,458 as an Att.?
What date has 5-3 as the score, and holt (1-1) as a loss?
What is the sector of the company with an incorporated date before 1983?
What is the average incorporataed year of the Air India Charters company?
How many votes were tallied in 1956 with a % of national vote larger than 11.47?
How many candidates were nominated in 1952 with under 305,133 votes?
How many votes were tallied with a % of national vote of 13.11, and over 39 candidates nominated?
Who is the visitor with a record of 14–17–5?
How many in attendance when Penguins were home with a record of 14–19–6 with less than 34 points?
Which Format has a Catalog of 561 445-1?
Which Region has a Date of early september 1999?
Which Region has a Date of early september 1999?
What was the date of the game with a loss of White (4-5)?
what score has a location and attendance of montreal forum and the date of may 10?
Which Interview has a Province of monte cristi and a Swimsuit larger than 7.27
WHich Evening Gown has a Swimsuit smaller than 7.99 and a Interview larger than 7.98?
Which Interview has a Swimsuit larger than 7.6, and a Province of la vega, and an Average smaller than 8.38?
Which items in segment A have a segment D of marble sculptures?
Which segment A also has a segment D of kitchen shears?
Which items in segment C is episode 160?
Which season last aired on May 6, 1987?
What is the Nielsen ranking for Season 8?
What was the first airdate or the season that had less than 24 episodes and a Nielsen ranking of #38?
How many episodes were in the season that first aired on September 22, 1989?
How many episodes were in the season that ended on April 29, 1986?
Where the ship is Dahlgren what is the build as?
Where the NRV link is CGN38, what is the reclassified as?
Where the built as is DLG-23, what is the class?
What is the Total medals won by the nation in Rank 6 with less than 2 Bronze medals?
How many Gold medals were won by the Nation that had more than 12 Bronze medals and less than 124 Total medals?
December smaller than 21, and a Opponent of buffalo sabres had what score?
Score of 8 - 1 happened on what day in December?
December larger than 21, and a Opponent of Pittsburgh penguins had what average game?
December smaller than 14, and a Game smaller than 28, and a Score of 6 - 6 involved what opponent?
What is the date that the item was laid down if it was launched on 1899-04-25?
Which builder has the the kanji of 曙?
Which Density per km² is the lowest one that has a Number (map) smaller than 13, and an Area in km² of 11.1?
How much #s have an Area in km² larger than 13.5, and a Population Canada 2011 Census of 134,038?
Which Number (map) is the lowest one that has a Area in km² of 9.7, and a Population Canada 2011 Census larger than 66,158?
Attendance of 19,741 had what average week?
Attendance of 29,000 occurred on what date?
Opponent of Philadelphia eagles had what attendance?
What day did Alex Best exit?
What place did the celebrity who is famous for being an athlete finish?
What place did the singer in atomic kitten finish?
Who was the celebrity who exited on day 13?
Who was the celebrity who finished in 7th place?
Name of gilmar, and a Caps smaller than 94 had how many highest goals?
Caps of 93 had how many goals?
Latest cap of september 5, 2011 had how many goals?
Name of rivelino had how many highest caps?
Which athlete played at the Birmingham venue?
Which Frequency has a Webcast of •, and a Callsign of xemr?
Which Website has a Frequency smaller than 760 and a Callsign of kkyx?
Which Webcast has a Callsign of kgbt?
Which Frequency has a Website of •, and a Webcast of •in san antonio?
What years did the player play when he scored 78 points and 22 goals?
How many goals did Joey Worthen have when he had 15 assists?
How many goals were scored when 158 points were collected?
What years had players who scored 36 goals?
What was the rank of the player who had 13 assists?
What is the sum of the weeks during which the Redskins played against the Houston Oilers and had more than 54,582 fans in attendance?
What is the highest attendance for week 1?
What is the total number in attendance for the game after week 8 that was on November 25, 1979?
Which Surface has a Score of 2009 wta tour?
Which Round has a Ranking of 2008 wta tour?
Which Surface has a Round of 4th round, and a Player of maria sharapova?
Which Player has a Score of 6–4, 7–6 (7–5)?
Which Round has a Player of anna chakvetadze?
Record of 89-67 had what loss?
Score of 3 - 2 had what record?
Opponent of @ blue jays, and a Loss of lyon (5-4) had what opponent?
Loss of lyon (5-4) had what score?
Loss of finley (8-7) had what record?
Opponent of @ blue jays, and a Date of october 6 had what score?
What is the score for game 5?
What is the score that has a game greater than 3, with buffalo sabres as the opponent?
What score has may 9 as the date?
What was the score on October 16, 1983?
What was the score when she was a runner-up?
What tournament was being played on August 11, 1984?
What was the Venue on June 8, 2005?
On what Date was the Venue Los Angeles?
What was the Score on September 29, 2003?
On what Date was the Venue in Carson?
What was the competition on October 21, 2003?
What was the Competition on September 29, 2003?
What country has chunkath, mohan verghese as the name?
What position has a spread greater than -319, and United States as the country, a win loss of 11-13, and gabriel, marty as the name?
What name has a spread of 69?
Which Performer 2 has an Episode of 5?
What weight has one rupee as the denomination?
What is the size that has nickel as the metal, and one rupee as the denomination?
What metal has one rupee as the denomination?
What shape has nickel as the metal, and one rupee as the denomination?
Which 2007 has a 2010 of A, and a 2006 of lq?
Which 2012 has a 2007 of 1r?
Which 2002 has a 2013 of 2–4?
Which 2013 has a 2010 of 1r?
Which 2005 has a Tournament of grand slam tournaments?
Which 2007 has a 2008 of 1r, and a Tournament of wimbledon?
Which Date has a Home of minnesota?
Which Visitor has a Decision of myre, and a Record of 44–7–15?
What Championship had a Winning score of 6 & 5?
What was the Winning Score when Betsy Rawls was the Runner(s)-up?
In 1946, what is the Runner(s)-up of the Women's Western Open Championship?
What is the Margin in 1953 when Patty Berg was Runner(s)-up?
What is the name of the primary with a DCSF number larger than 2337 and an Ofsted number smaller than 135339?
What name that has a DCSF number bigger than 2448 and an Ofsted number of 131319?
What faith has a DCSF number bigger than 2448 in Holtsmere End?
What's the lowest DCSF number in Aycliffe Drive but an Ofsted number smaller than 117335?
what city is the toamasina airport in?
What country has the city, Sydney?
What city is in the country of Mayotte?
What is the IATA for the chennai international airport?
What is the airport name that has nos listed as the IATA?
What is the part number of athlon x2 4850e?
What's the frequency of the device that has a Multi 1 of 7.5×?
What's amount of L2 Cache on a device that has a Frequency of 1500mhz?
When is the release date for a chip that has a Frequency of 2300mhz?
When was the release date for technology that has a Multi 1 of 10.5×?
What's the stepping amount for adh4450iaa5do?
Which Wins is the highest one that has a Year larger than 1996, and a Championship Finish of 1st, and Points smaller than 168?
Which Year is the highest that has a Team of walker racing, and Wins larger than 1?
Which Points have a Year larger than 1998, and Wins of 1?
What is the lowest bronze number when silver shows 2, and the total is 8?
What is the silver number when gold is more than 4, and the total is less than 24?
What is the gold number when the total is 8 and bronze is more than 4?
What is the sum of Total for 0 gold and less than 2, silver with a rank of 6?
What is the average Gold when silver is more than 2, and bronze is more than 1
What is the average Bronze when silver is more than 2, and rank is 2, and gold more than 2
What city in Svalbard has a longitude of 15°39′e?
If the latitude is 77°28′n, what is the longitude?
If the latitude is 76°25′n, what is the longitude?
If the latitude is 71°18′n, what is the longitude?
Who is the partner facing the opponents florian Mayer & alexander waske in the final?
Which tournament has a hard surface and final opponents rohan bopanna & mustafa ghouse?
On which date did the tournament final with the clay surface take place?
Which tournament features the partner julian knowle?
On which date is the tournament final with the opponents michael berrer & kenneth carlsen?
What was the score after february 4 in the game 61?
What is Arkansas State's total pick number with an overal lower than 242?
Who is from the College of Cincinnati?
What is the overall number for a kicker with a pick of less than 6?
Which college has a defensive end with a round less than 6?
What record has a score of 111-96?
What is the score for a game after 34 with a record of 31-11?
What was the date with a resulted score of 130-100?
Which Water has a Metal of contracting?
Which Metal has an Element of heavenly stems?
Which water has green wood?
Which earth has west metal?
Which wood has stabilizing earth?
Which fire has dry metal?
what name has a Rank of lieutenant colonel, and a Begin Date of 1904-02-22 22 february 1904?
Oklahoma State produced a player in which position in the draft?
What is the highest round where a back named Ed Cody can be found?
Which Losses is the lowest one that has a Season smaller than 1920, and Draws larger than 0?
Which Draws have Losses larger than 16, and a Season larger than 1966?
Which Draws have a Team of annandale, and Losses smaller than 13?
Which Draws have Losses smaller than 16, and a Team of university, and Wins larger than 0?
Which Wins is the lowest one that has a Season smaller than 1920, and Losses smaller than 14?
Which date had a sport of Academics?
Which date had a site of N/A?
what was the builder in 1929
What was the attendance for the March 6 game, where one of the teams had 53 points.
For the game with 6,126 in attendance, how many points did both teams have in the standings?
What is the record of the team with a St. Louis home?
What country has a territory of French Guiana?
Which 2008-12 has a 2013 of A, and a Tournament of wimbledon?
Which 2013 has a 2007 of A, and a Tournament of french open?
Which 2013 has a 2006 of grand slam tournaments?
Which 2006 has a 2007 of A?
Which 2008-12 has a 2007 of A, and a Tournament of us open?
What was the record on April 1?
What's the score on April 9?
Where was home on April 3?
What's the score on April 9?
What is the average number of points of the team with more than 18 played?
What is the lowest score of the team with 19 points and less than 18 played?
What is the average number of draws of the team with less than 17 points and less than 4 wins?
What is the title of the record with an artist of Tangorodrim, category number FSR006?
What was the format of the release by Triumfall?
What is the category number that was released in November 2007?
Which is the lowest round to have a pick of 12 and position of linebacker?
Which player was picked in round 15 with a pick smaller than 13?
How many picks were from Lamar College?
How many overall values have a college of Notre Dame and rounds over 2?
What player was at Albion?
Where was the venue that had 274 runs?
which athlete played against Queensland?
Where is the venue with more than 245 runs?
Where did Jack Badcock play?
Which Surface has a Date of 16 november 2007?
Name the date for 2004 afc asian cup qualifier
Name the venue for 23 january 2009
Name the competition for khartoum
What is the fewest ties the team had with fewer than 7 games?
What is the population for a county that has a median income of $69,760?
What county has $51,456 income per capita?
Who was the opponent when attendance was 60,355?
Which Net profit/loss (SEK) has a Basic eps (SEK) of -6.58, and Employees (Average/Year) larger than 31,035?
What is the result when 13 is the week?
What average week has shea stadium as the game site, and 1979-12-09 as the date?
Name the most rank for the United States with wins less than 1
Name the most rank for wins more than 0 and events of 26
Name the average earnings for rank of 3 and wins less than 3
What is the average area of the city that has a density less than than 206.2 and an altitude of less than 85?
What is the lowest density of alessandria where the area is bigger than 16.02 and altitude is less than 116?
What is the lowest density of serravalle scrivia?
What is the lowest population of alessandria where the altitude is less than 197 and density is less than 461.8?
What myspace has linkedin as the site, with an orkit greater than 3?
How many linkedin have Facebook as the site, with a myspace less than 64?
What is the highest Ning that has a bebo less than 4, an orkut less than 100, with a plaxo greater than 0?
What is the average plaxo that has a myspace greater than 64, a bebo greater than 3, with 4 as the friendster?
What album has the title I Need A Life with the label of warp records / paper bag records?
What title has a Label of warp records / paper bag records?
What's the lowest Points for the Team of San Martín De Tucumán, and a Played that's smaller than 38?
What nation has a total more than 3, with more than 5 for bronze, and less than 4 for the silver?
What is the largest number for bronze with a rank of 19?
what season had a score of 1:0
indoor year is 1978, what is the record?
Record of 11-10-3 is what sum of game #?
Points of 31, and a Score of 1 - 5 is what home?
Visitor of calgary has what record?
Score of 2 - 2 had what points?
What was the Attendance when Lincoln City was the Opponents with H/A of A?
what Area has the frequency of 100.3 and an On-air ID of yass fm?
What is the Callsign with an Area of tamworth and frequency of 0 88.9?
What is the Purpose of the Area Braidwood?
What Band has a Frequency of 0 99.7 in the Area of Newcastle?
What is the Frequency of Gosford when the Callsign of 2cfm?
What is the On-air ID with the frequency of 105.9, and purpose of commercial?
What Time/Retired has a Points that's smaller than 11 and has a Laps of 74?
What Time/Retired has a Laps of 86 and the Team of HVM Racing?
What is the Catalog number in France?
What is the Format o Catalog F4 87199?
What is the Region of Catalog 885 973-4?
What is the Catalog number in the Region of France?
How many people in total attended the game on 1 november 1997?
Wins of 3, and a Pos. larger than 3 is what average loses?
Matches larger than 5 is the sum of what position?
What years did Dwane Morrison had a pct less than 0.389 and losses less than 12?
How many seasons did Charles C. Farrell coach?
What's the average pct for George Felton when he had losses greater than 7?
Which Margin of victory has a Runner(s)-up of josé maria cañizares?
Which Tournament has a Runner(s)-up of bob charles?
What was the winning score on 7 jun 1976?
Which Winning score has a Margin of victory of 1 stroke, and a Date of 21 jun 1981?
On which date was the Winning score –5 (70-65-69-75=279)?
Which Runner(s)-up has a Winning score of –9 (71-68-72-68=279)?
What is the leading scorer of the game with an attendance of 14,096?
What is the leading scorer of the game with the Celtics as the visiting team?
What is the date of the game with an attendance of 19,183?
Name the time with track number less than 4 for you're my everything
Name the orchestra for ted varnick
Name the songwriter for track number 12
Player of dan federman, and a Pick larger than 114 involves which highest round?
College of villanova has what round?
College of boston college has what pick?
How many finalists were there when the years won was 2008 and the won % was greater than 33?
Where was the game site for the game that had a packers record of 2-2?
What is the final score of the game that was at raymond james stadium?
What is the match report for the game that was against Houston?
Where is the game site for the game that had a packers record of 2-3?
What was the Record of the game with a Score of 118–105?
What is the Record of the game with a Score of 107–108?
What was the Record during the game with a Score of 113–103?
How many points have a percentage of possible points of 67.22%?
Which races have points greater than 123, fernando alonso as the driver and a percentage of possible points of 74.44%?
How many seasons have fernando alonso as the driver, and a percentage of possible points of 64.12% and points less than 109?
Who remixed the version after 1999?
Who remixed the version with a length of 3:58?
Which album is the royal g's club mix version, which is remixed by royal garden sound, from?
How many were in attendance in a week less than 4 with a record of 2–1?
How many were in attendance at Griffith Stadium with Philadelphia Eagles as an opponent?
In what week was the attendance 25,000?
What game site had a result at l 21–13?
What score has 34-19-6 as the record?
What is the average February that has 56 as the game?
What is the sum of team impul with the date of 8 july
what is the pole position of Round 9
what is the lowest round pole position of satoshi motoyama
What was the home team with the away team of rushden & diamonds?
For the attendance of 2 january 1999 with a home team of plymouth argyle what is the tie no. ?
Which Lost has a Drawn larger than 1, and Games smaller than 7?
Which Drawn has Games smaller than 7?
How many Games have a Drawn smaller than 1, and a Lost larger than 4?
what is the winning driver in taunus
Which Record has a Home of Montreal Canadiens and a Date of April 22?
What Score has a Home of Montreal Canadiens and a Date of April 22?
What is the lowest number of bronze medals received by a nation with fewer than 0 gold medals?
What is the lowest number of silver medals for a nation with fewer than 1 total medals?
Which Rank has a Total larger than 17, and a Silver smaller than 13?
Which Total is the highest one that has a Gold of 1, and a Nation of czechoslovakia?
How much Total has a Silver smaller than 0?
Which Total has a Rank of 4, and a Silver smaller than 4?
Which Silver is the lowest one that has a Bronze smaller than 1, and a Gold larger than 0?
WHich Year has a Music director(s) of anu malik?
Which Year has a Film of baazigar?
Which Opponent has a Streak of lost 1, and a Date of april 30?
What is the number of sequences for the name Alifoldz?
What is the alignment that predicts an alignment of the linuxbinary link?
Which Playoffs have a Year smaller than 2012, and an Open Cup of did not enter?
Which Year is the lowest one that has a Regular Season of 5th, atlantic, and a Division larger than 4?
Which Year has Playoffs which did not qualify?
Can you tell me the Gold that has the Silver of south korea, and the Year of 1986?
When was Lee Phillips the director?
What is the movie that Paul Schneider directed?
The box office was $961,147 in what year?
Three Men and a Little Lady from Touchstone Pictures was from what year?
What is the name of the movie from 1997 distributed from HBO Pictures?
What movie earned $1,659,542 at the box office?
Which accession number has a protein name of ccdc165, and a divergence from human lineage (MYA) smaller than 296?
Which sequence identity to human protein has a divergence from human lineage (MYA) larger than 8.8, and a sequence length (aa) larger than 1587, and a protein name of soga2?
What's the record of the team who played the Cleveland Browns?
What is the hometown of the player who plays pr?
Which college's overall number is more than 158 when Travian Robertson is the name?
Which round's name is Jonathan Massaquoi?
What is the mean round number for center position when the pick number is less than 23?
Which Altitude (mslm) has a Density (inhabitants/km 2) smaller than 1233, and a Rank of 9th?
Which Altitude (mslm) has a Density (inhabitants/km 2) smaller than 1467.5, and a Common of moncalieri?
How much Area (km 2) has a Common of collegno, and a Population smaller than 50137?
How many people have an Altitude (mslm) larger than 302, and an Area (km 2) of 29.2?
Which Population is the highest one that has an Altitude (mslm) smaller than 229, and an Area (km 2) larger than 32.7?
what builder launched 20 jun 1953?
what is the commissioned date with laid down of 17 dec 1951?
What round was matt brait?
Which player is in position center for round 2?
What position is Sweden in round 2?
What is the height of number 52?
What number is Tony Dixon?
What is the average Draw for the artist(s), whose language is Swedish, and scored less than 10 points?
Which Economic Class has a Barangay of imelda bliss village?
What 1997 has grand slams for the 1999?
What 1992 has atp masters series for the 1995?
What 1995 has 1r as the 1999, and a 1998 of 4r?
What 1998 has 2r as a 1993, and 1r as a 1990?
What 1997, has qf as a 1994, and 1r as a 1999?
What 1993 has 2r as a 1994, and 1r as a 1995?
Which Driver has a Sponsor of pdvsa?
What are the colours of the team with benedikt guðmundsson as head coach?
What is the city and region of the team in the dalhús arena?
What team is in the toyota höllin arena?
What team is in the dhl-höllin arena?
What is the number of points for the team with 49 tries against and 14 lost?
What is the losing bonus for the team that has 33 tries against and 5 lost?
What is the tries against for the team that has a losing bonus?
What is the number of tries for the team that has 22 plays with 33 tries against and 60 points?
What is the losing bonus of the team with 22 pays and 428 points against?
Name the years for spain with 215 goals
Name the most goals for josep samitier
Which Record has a December smaller than 22 and a Score of 4–3?
Which Score has a Record of 15–12–2?
Which December has a Game of 37 and Points smaller than 47?
Which Points have a December smaller than 6, and a Score of 1–1 ot, and a Game smaller than 28?
Which Game has a Score of 4–0 and Points of 44?
Which Previous conference has a Year joined smaller than 1976, and an IHSAA Class of A?
Which Enrollment has a Mascot of norsemen?
Which Mascot has a Previous conference of independents, and a Location of akron?
Which IHSAA Class has a Mascot of wildcats?
Which School in Wabash has a Mascot of knights?
Which Win percentage has a Name of red kelly?
Which Name has Games of 105?
Which Win percentage has Points smaller than 472, and a Record (W–L–T/OTL) of 140–220–40?
Which round has an H/A of A with Notts County as opponents?
What was the Premiership Years that had in the Competition of 1983-1992?
What was the Years in competition that had a Premiership of 1982, 1984, 1999, 2002-03, 2008-09-10?
What is the Nickname in the Competition of 1982-1994?
What was the Nickname that had a No. 0, and Years in Competition of 1982-2003?
Which highest Points has a Score of 1–1 ot?
Which College/Junior/Club team has a Round of 6?
What was the record on April 16?
What was the record on April 8?
What date was the visitor chicago black hawks, and a Record of 1-1?
Studio host of jimmy myers had what play by play?
Play-by-play of sean grande, and a Year of 2004-05 had what studio host?
Year of 2006-07 had what studio host?
Play-by-play of sean grande, and a Flagship Station of wrko, and a Year of 2005-06 had what studio host?
Studio host of john ryder, and a Year of 2007-08 had what play by play?
Play-by-play of sean grande, and a Flagship Station of wrko involved what color commentator?
What was the value in 2011 for United States?
What was the value in 2011 when value in 2009 was 82,003?
What country was rank 1?
What country was rank 4?
Games started of 4 is in what hometown?
Weight larger than 180, and a Player of charles b. carter is what previous experience?
Player of herbert s. graver has what position?
Position of fullback has what highest weight?
what is the callsign whtat uses 7bu?
What is the highest rank for ben crenshaw after winning more than 14 times?
What is the lowest number of wins for ben crenshaw?
What player has 14 wins?
What is the 1995 value with of the 1993 ATP Masters Series?
What is the 1993 value of the 1997 Grand Slams?
What is the 1998 value with A in 1995, A in 1993, and 1r in 1996?
How many games does team Czechoslovakia have that had a drawn greater than 0?
Which Prime Minister's served a term of 344 days?
Who was the Minister that served for 307 days?
what ceremony did big titty milfs work in
What was the end result for 28 February 2001?
How many yards did Davin Meggett have with more than 9 Rec.?
What is Darrius Heyward-Bey's average with more than 20 yards and less than 80 long?
How many points are associated with a Time/Retired of +10.131 secs?
What is the grid associated witha Time/Retired of +8.180 secs, and under 47 laps?
What is the highest drawn for points over 545?
What's the average loss when the points were 545?
How many games were lost when the order was 2nd and the play was more than 13
Name the least rank with bronze of 2, gold more than 0 and nation of ynys môn/anglesey with total more than 8
Name the least total with rank less than 7, gold more than 16 and bronze less than 29
Name the total number of total with silver of 6, bronze more than 5 and gold less than 4
What score has a game greater than 11 on October 30?
What October has 0-2-2 as the record?
What average game has @ florida panthers as the opponent, 0-1-2 as the record, with an october greater than 8?
Which Lost has Games of 64, and Champs smaller than 0?
Which Draw is the lowest one that has Champs smaller than 0?
Which Win/Lose Percentage has Champs larger than 0, and a Draw larger than 3?
Which Champs is the average one that has a Draw larger than 2, and Games smaller than 60?
What is the launch date for the Ushio dd-54?
Which name has a Kanji of 朧?
What is the Kanji for the Ayanami dd-45?
size (steps) that has a size (cents) of 58.54, and a just ratio of 28:27, and a just (cents) larger than 62.96 is what total number?
size (steps) of 15, and a just (cents) larger than 435.08 is what highest size (cents)?
ratio of 16:13 has how many highest size (steps)?
ratio of 15:14, and a just (cents) larger than 119.44 is what average size (cents)?
Who was the home team for the match at Stadion pod Vrmcem?
Who were the guest team wehn the match score was 3:0 (0:2)?
What Picture Coding Types have Chroma Format of 4:2:2 or 4:2:0 and the Name of 4:2:2 profile?
Name the Intra DC Precision that has the Name main profile?
What Chroma Format that has both Picture Coding Types of i, p, b, and the Name of main profile?
What Player is from the west Division and the Team of special teams and is from the School Toledo Western Michigan?
What are the lowest wins for Australia?
How many winners did Minas, which has 0 third places, have?
How many winners did Halcones uv xalapa have?
How many runners-up did Espartanos de Margarita have?
Which Opponent has Attendances of 60,594?
When has a Result of l 27-7 and an Opponent of at minnesota vikings?
When has  a Week of 9?
What date did the Steelers play against the New York Jets?
What time did the game start during week 1?
How many laps for mi-jack conquest racing when they went off course?
How many laps are associated with a grid greater than 8, under 11 points, and will power?
Name the average Bronze when silver is more than 3, gold is more than 1 and the total is 14
Name the total number of total for rank of 7 and bronze less than 1
Name the most silver with bronze more than 1 and gold more than 1 with total less than 7
Name the sum of total for gold less than 1 and bronze of 3
Name the total number of bronze with rank of 5 and silver more than 1
What is the total population from the 2000 census for the municipality that has a 464.5 square km area and a population density in 2010 larger than 1840?
What was the sum of the population in 2010 for the division of japeri with an area of 82.9 squared km?
What was the score for the game against Atlanta?
In the 1936 summer Olympics what was the date of a match that ended with a score of 6-1?
What was the score for the game that had an end result of 5-2?
What is the total number of losses that have 1 draw and games over 7?
How many rounds had a pick number of more than 10 and Appalachian State as a college?
What is the largest overall where the position was linebacker and the pick number was more than 9?
What is the Score of the game earlier than 69 with a record of 4–56?
What is the game number with a score of 116–138?
What is the Score of the game against the boston celtics?
What is the Game held on february 9?
What is the Score of the game larger than 57 with a Record of 4–55?
Which Reigon has a Village of Chassagne-Montrachet?
Which Village has a Region of Côte De Nuits, Wine Styles of Red Wine, and a Grand Cru of Latricières-Chambertin?
What is the Vineyeard surface (2010) with a Village of Gevrey-Chambertin, and Grand Cru of Latricières-Chambertin?
What is the Grand Cru with a Wine Style of Red Wine and Village of Gevrey-Chambertin?
What is the average pick number of Pennsylvania?
What is the school/club team of the player with a pick larger than 83?
What is the schoo/club team of the player in round 3?
What is the lowest round of the player from UCLA?
When was –16 (62-71-71-68=272) the winning score?
What was the name of the tournament played on Jun 17, 1973?
Howard Twitty was the runner-up of what tournament?
Can you tell me the College/Junior/Club Team that has the Position of defence, and the Nationality of czechoslovakia?
Can you tell me the Position that has the College/Junior/Club Team of hull olympiques (qmjhl)?
Can you tell me the Player that has the Round smaller than 6, and the College/Junior/Club Team of hull olympiques (qmjhl)?
What is the Name of the Center?
What Position has no College Hall of Fame?
What School has no no no Unanimously?
What is the School of the quarterback?
What School is the Center from?
What is the Unanimous of the Minnesota Southern California School?
What is the Cache with a Capacity that is 600 gb?
Which Position has a College/Junior/Club Team (League) of estevan bruins (wchl), and a Round of 3?
Which Nationality has a Player of larry wright?
What score has august 25 as the date?
What is the total number of episodes where jim sweeney was the 1st performer and steve steen was the 2nd performer?
What is the sum of the episode numbers where chip esten is the 4th performer and christopher smith was the 2nd performer?
What is the sum of the episodes where chip esten was the 4th performer and jim meskimen was the 1st performer?
Who was the 3rd performer when christopher smith was the 2nd performer?
Which Record has a Time of 4:50?
Which Event has a Resolution of loss, and a Record of 12–2?
Which Drawn has a Difference of 14?
Which Played has a Lost larger than 2, and a Team of américa?
What's the number of touchdowns that there are 0 field goals, less than 5 points, and had Joe Maddock playing?
what is the class of w269ax
What is the match report of the match on 20 August?
What is the origin for the launch taking place in 2010?
What is the origin for the item with an owner of Hunan Broadcasting System (HBS)?
If the college is Trinity, what position is listed?
How many picks did the College of USC wind up getting?
For Pick #323, which round is it?
What score has amblecote as the venue?
What city has riverside ground as the venue, with a year prior to 1998?
What is the lowest year that has chester-le-street as the city, with 345 runs as the score?
What year has 385 runs as the score?
What score has 1998 as the year?
What is the 2nd (m) value for Gregor Schlierenzauer?
What is the Date of the tournament with a score of 199 (–17)?
What was the amount of the 1st prize when paul azinger (9) was the winner?
What is the name of the winner of the tour championship tournament?
What is the Date of the at&t pebble beach national pro-am Tournament?
Which Site has a Sport of w swimming?
Which Series are on september 15, 2007?
What position did the 2010-11 USA ír player have?
What position did the kr team player play?
What team has Steinar Kaldal, a guard / forward?
What team did the 2003-04 winner play for?
Which region has and eyeball label and catalogue 7200222?
Which catalogue is from Japan?
What is the format for the United States dated July 23, 2002?
What is the label for catalogue 7200222?
What is Marc's Surname?
What is the highest uni# of the person with the first name Todd?
Which position does #14 play?
Which does the lhp player with the first name lachlan bat?
How many were in Attendance on December 11, 1954?
What was the Result on Week 3?
On what Week was the Detroit Lions the Opponent?
What was the rangers' record on Game 14?
What is the highest game number when the rangers had a record of 11-11-1 and the date was after November 29?
What's Francis Harris' position?
Which place has more area (km 2) than 34.42?
What is the lowest 4 hoops, 2 clubs of the nation with a total of 38.25?
What is the total of Greece, which is placed below 8?
What is the highest 4 hoops, 2 clubs of Belarus, which has a total less than 38.25?
Which Nationality has a Name of janne happonen?
Which Nationality has a Rank larger than 3, and a Name of tom hilde?
Which Name has a Nationality of nor, and Points of 136?
What was the average rank of Wolfgang Schwarz with greater than 13 places?
What nation had 1399.3 points?
What is the lowest round number for the fight that had a time of 1:09?
How much Overall has a Pick # smaller than 20, and a Round smaller than 6?
Which average Round has a Pick # larger than 20, and a College of virginia, and an Overall larger than 127?
How many picks does chad owens have?
What is the lowest value in April with New York Rangers as opponent for a game less than 82?
What is the highest value in April with a record of 35–37–11 and more than 81 points?
What is the name of the winner when the Score was 274 (–14) in tennessee?
What is the winners name at the western open?
What is the score of the Tournament named danny thomas memphis classic?
What is the name of the Winner in north carolina at the greater greensboro open?
What is the Location of the byron nelson golf classic?
What is the position of player Tiffany Garofano (2)?
What is the week with a school that is ball state?
What number last Runners-up where there when the Last win was 1999 and the Runners-up was bigger than 1?
What is the number of Last Runners-up that has the club name of dempo sc?
Which Position has a Round larger than 6, and a Player of neil pilon?
Which Nationality has a Player of rudy poeschek?
Which Position has a Player of steve nemeth?
Which Position has a Nationality of canada, and a Player of pat janostin?
What was the score of the match on April 23, 2007?
Which Date has a Game site of shea stadium, and a Week of 5?
Which Attendance is the highest one that has a Week smaller than 9, and a Result of l 24–23?
Which Week has an Opponent of baltimore colts, and an Attendance smaller than 55,137?
Which Game has Points of 53, and an Opponent of @ minnesota north stars, and a December larger than 30?
Which December has a Record of 21–6–5?
Which Points have an Opponent of @ pittsburgh penguins?
What year was the startup for the Project Named of taq taq ph 2?
What is the operator for peak 90, in startup year 2010 for the project named Aosp expansion 1 (jackpine ph 1a)?
What country has peak 20 and a project named jarn yabhour; ramhan?
How much Attendance has an Opponent of swindon wildcats?
Which Attendance is the lowest one that has a Venue of away, and a Date of 19?
Which Venue has a Result of won 5-4?
what country has dubai
what country is dubai in
What home team has june 22 as the date?
What road team has 86-84 as the result?
What road team has 91-82 as the result?
Which game has houston as the road team, and june 15 as the date?
What is listed under occupation for someone from Santa Monica, California?
For natives of St. Louis, Missouri, what was listed under education?
When the occupation was utility worker on-air talent, what was the game status?
Which 2005 has a 2004 of 3–2?
Which 2011 has a 2009 of 15–2?
Which 2010 has a 2006 of w?
Which 2008 has a 2005 of 13–3?
What is the time of the Ghantoot Racing and Polo Club?
What is the home team score of the game with Adelaide as the away team?
What is the time of the Essendon home team game?
What is the home team score of the Ghantoot Racing and Polo Club Ground?
What shows for region when the date is february 2006?
What shows as the format for catalog 11 135?
In what Region is Catalog number 885 380-1?
Which Sampling Memory/Upgrade-able has a rate of 16-bit 44.1khz?
Around what time frame release a Sampling Rate of 12-bit 40khz?
How much is a product with a Sampling Rate of 12-bit 40khz?
what team scored on december 19
what team scored 5–5–1–1?
what team scored on november 7
Which player has rank 1?
What's the mean number of wins with a rank that's more than 5?
What amount of earnings does Tiger Woods have?
What is the position number of the club with more than 24 points and a w-l-d of 8-5-3?
What is the goals for/against of the club with 17 points?
What is the highest number of games played of the club with a position number less than 4 and a 29-24 goals for/against?
Which date's attendance was more than 35,540?
What is the smallest attendance number for December 3, 1944?
When was the Treaty of Cession for Karikal Colony?
what day was the game in argentina
what city scored 0:0
what game was played on june 14
What score has april 28 as the date?
What score has tim duncan (27) as the leading scorer?
What visitor has tim duncan (16) as the leading scorer?
What were Will Rackley's total rounds?
Which cornerback has the lowest overall and a pick number smaller than 16?
Which cornerback has the highest round?
What was the outcome on 25 october 2004?
Which opponent was a runner-up on 2 march 1998?
Which championship had an oppenent of mario ančić in the final?
Name the change with share of 2.9%
Name the change for english democrats
Name the average votes for one london
Which Country has a Rank of 5?
Which Earnings ($) is the lowest one that has a Rank of 1, and Events smaller than 22?
How many earnings have Wins larger than 3?
Which Player has 4 Wins?
How many Poles have a Bike of honda rc212v, and Podiums smaller than 0?
Which Wins is the highest one that has a Pos of 2nd, and Poles larger than 2?
What is the average of points for 8th place with draw more than 8?
Which Points have a Game smaller than 8, and a Record of 1–0–0?
Which Game has a Record of 5–3–1, and an October smaller than 29?
Which Game has a Score of 3–4?
Which Game has a Record of 4–2–1, and Points larger than 9?
Which Nationality has a Position of defense, and a Player of nikita korovkin?
Which Nationality has a Position of left wing?
Which Player has a Position of forward?
Which Week 3 Sept 14 has a Week 6 Oct 5 of kansas (4-1)?
Which Week 2 Sept 7 has a Week 6 Oct 5 of wake forest (3-1)?
Which Week 1 Sept 2 has a Week 3 Sept 14 of south florida (3-0)?
Which Week 7 Oct 12 has a Week 6 Oct 5 of boise state (4-0)?
Which Week 2 Sept 7 has a Week 7 Oct 12 of ball state (7-0)?
Which Week 6 Oct 5 has a Week 14 Nov 30 of texas (11-1)?
What is the highest round of Tommy Allman, who had a pick less than 40?
Who was the back player with a pick less than 183 from the round greater than 12?
What is the total number of rounds of the end player with a pick number greater than 303?
What is the highest pick of the back player from round 28?
What is position of the player with a pick number greater than 315 and a round of 30?
On what Week was the Result W 17-14?
What was the Result after the Week 4 on November 3, 1968?
What is the attendance in week 4?
What was the date of the game with a record of 17–25?
Who was the opponent at the game with a score of 6–5 (10)?
What was the result of the bout that led to a 4-4 record?
Which location held the bout that led to a 4-3 record?
What discs has a region 1 release date of January 22, 2008?
What is the lowest rank of Citigroup?
What is the market value of the automotive industry?
Name the attendance with result of t 14-14
Name the total number of attendance for october 20, 1946 with week less than 4
Name the most attendance for november 17, 1946 and week more than 8
What is the sum of the points for the player who was a rank of 61t?
Who is the player who had more than 1,052 points?
What are the highest points that Emmitt Smith had?
Record of 6–8 had what attendance?
Result of l 17–20 had what attendance?
Game Site of hoosier dome, and a Result of l 7–31 involved what attendance?
Which Year is the highest one that has a Venue of blackwolf run, composite course, and a Score of 281?
Which Champion has a Venue of old waverly golf club?
How many world rankings are after Aug 5, 1980 ?
On which date is there a performance of more than 8.22.72?
The venue of Rome has which date?
What was the 1st leg of the match that had an aggregate of 4-3?
When was the last final lost of the club with 7 wins?
How many runners-up did the club with the last final lost in 1985 have?
When was the last final lost of the club with a last win in 1959?
When was the last win of Celtic?
Which club had 13 runners-up?
Who is the visitor in Philadelphia on March 6?
what date were they playing in hawthorn
what report was in geelong
In what Town/City is Nana Museum of The Arctic located?
What is the Name of the Multiple Type museum in Anchorage?
In what Borough is the Anchorage museum of Natural History?
In what Region is the Native American museum in Anchorage?
What Type of museum is the Valdez museum?
In what Borough is the History Type Fairbanks Community Museum?
what is the zip code of boonville
Which tournament was held on 9 Jun 2002?
What is the winning score with a margin of victory of 4 strokes for the NEC Invitational tournament?
Who is the runner-up where the winning score is –8 (71-69-67-73=280)?
What is the winning score for Tournament of linde german masters with a margin of victory of 1 stroke?
Who is runner-up where the winning score is –6 (65-70-70-69=274) and the margin of victory is 3 strokes?
What is the winning score where the runner-up is Robert-Jan Derksen and the margin of victory is 1 stroke?
What are the high rebounds of team @ Charlotte?
What is the high rebounds of game 68?
What is the score of New York team before game 61?
When David McNamara was the opponent in the final, what was the tier?
In 2011, how many tourists visited the country that had 23.4 million tourists in 2012?
How many tourists visited the country that had 2.5 million tourists in 2011?
How far Venue of seoul, south korea is?
Which Venue has a Tournament of olympic games with a Result of 4th?
What is the Result of Venue of edmonton, canada?
What is the 1st leg of Team 2 PSV Eindhoven?
Which opponent was played at Forbes Field after week 4?
Which opponent was played on week 9?
What was the date of the game played at Fenway Park?
Which Opponents have a Year of 1998–99, and a Team of aston villa?
Which Score has Opponents of valencia, and a Year of 2011–12?
Which Opponents have a Team of arsenal, and a Year of 1963–64?
Which Opponents have a Year of 1999–2000, and a Team of leeds united?
Which Opponents have a Score of 1–2, and a Team of arsenal, and Progress of first round?
How much Rank has Points larger than 282.5?
Which Rank is the highest one that has Points smaller than 256.6?
Which 2nd (m) is the highest one that has a Nationality of sui, and a Rank smaller than 3?
What is the UK broadcast date of the episode where Chris Bonington was the presenter?
What is the episode title of the episode with Ben Okri as the presenter?
Who is the presenter of the episode broadcast in the UK on 1996-09-25?
What is the UK broadcast date of the episode with Ben Okri as the presenter?
What was the score when the team played at the bobcats?
What was the score when the Spurs' record was 43-13?
What is the country's name with a numeric code less than 246 and a Latin 3-letter code of slv?
What is the Russian name with lbr as the Latin 3-letter code?
What is the country name with a numeric code less than 580 and a dk Latin 2-letter code?
What is the Cyrillic code with a cu Latin 2-letter code?
Name the least place for draw more than 3 and points of 8
Name the song for points less than 16 and draw less than 3
what is the single of the queen
what artist won in 1953
what year did david whitfield win
What is the average rank of Roman Koudelka, who has less than 274.4 points?
How many points was before game 14?
What is the average points on November 6?
Which average's against score has 2 as a difference and a lost of 5?
How many positions had a difference of - 4 and an against of less than 24?
What is the smallest lost when position is larger than 6, drawn is 7, and the points stat is less than 15?
What is the largest played number when the difference is - 8 and position is more than 8?
What is the mean drawn when the difference is 0 and the against stat is more than 31?
what is the winner of meridiana
Number of 13 that has what highest weight?
Weight of 220 has what class?
Name of byron geis, and a Weight smaller than 195 involves what average number?
What was the record on March 22?
What day in february was game 53?
What is the team's record on februrary 23?
Which Place is the lowest one that has a Total smaller than 24, and a Draw larger than 7?
with lola t86/50 chassis and less than 7 points what is the entrant?
after 1987 and entrant of first racing what is the highest points?
with year greater than 1988 what is the total number of points?
what is the points total for forti corse?
What is the Parts-per example of 2×10 −6?
What is the Coefficient of 2 ppt?
what is the format of catalog 865 821-1?
What season had Kanto Gakuin University as the winner, with an attendance of n/a, and a title of 37th?
What was the title for the game with an attendance of n/a with the runner-up being Waseda, and a season of 1995-6 details?
What season has a runner-up of waseda, and a title of 47th?
Who was the winner in the game that had Teikyo as the runner-up?
Who was the winner in the game that had a title of 32nd, and Waseda as the runner-up?
what is the date on week 6
Which City has 600kw 500kw ERP (Analog/ Digital)?
Which Region served has  of 1176 m 1190 m HAAT (Analog/ Digital) 1?
Which City has 600kw 500kw ERP ?
Which City has a 360kw 90kw ERP?
What was the series standing for games over 4?
What is the game number held on May 20?
What was the score of the game when the Indians ended up with a record of 55-51?
On which date did the Indians have a record of 67-58
Which Work has a Result of nominated, and an Award of contigo award, and a Year smaller than 2002?
How many years have an Award of press award?
Which Award has a Year smaller than 2004, and a Work of the clone, and a Result of won, and a Category of favourite actress?
Which Year is the highest one that has a Work of the clone, and an Award of contigo award?
With the Destination of Jupiter and the Closest approach of 4 February 2004, what is the Time elapsed?
What Time elapsed has both the Launched of 15 October 1997 and the Closest approach of 24 June 1999?
What Time elapsed has 14 February 2011 as the Closest approach?
What Launched has Time elapsed of 1991 days (5 yr, 5 mo, 12 d)?
With a Launched of 3 July 1998 what is the Closest approach?
What Launched has both a Spacecraft of Ulysses and 491 days (1 yr, 4 mo, 3 d) as Time elapsed?
What percentage is Karen Handel at in the poll in which Eric Johnson is 13% and undecided is 22%?
In what poll is Nathan Deal at 13% and John Oxendine at 28%?
What is Eric Johnson at in the poll where Karen Handel is at 12%?
In what poll is John Oxendine at 32%?
What is John Oxendine at in the poll where Karen Handel is at 38%?
What is Karen Handel polling at in the Insideradvantage poll where John Oxendine is at 15%?
What was the 1991 score?
Where was the 1966 competition with a winner of Gary Cowan held?
Who was the runner-up of the competition played at Minikahda Club?
Which Year is the highest one that has a Next Highest Spender of aarp, and a US Cham Spending of $39,805,000, and a US Cham Rank larger than 1?
Which US Cham Rank is the lowest one that has a Next Highest Spender of national assn of realtors, and a Year smaller than 2012?
Which Year is the lowest one that has a US Cham Rank smaller than 1?
What was the Score in Final of the Eckerd Open Tournament?
Who was the Partner in the United Airlines Tournament (1)?
What was the Score in Final on February 19, 1989?
What are the Points when the Place is 9?
What is the total for the place when the singer is Mariza Ikonomi when points are larger than 20?
With a Suited Match of 13:1, what is the Double Non-Suited Match?
What's the Suited Match with a 2.99% House Edge?
With a house edge of 3.53% and a Non-Suited Matched of 3:1, name the Double Non-Suited Match.
Name the Non-Suited Match that has greater than 6 Number of Decks.
Name the Suited & Non-Suited Match with a 2.99% for House Edge.
With a House Edge of 3.63% and a Non-Suited Match of 4:1, what is the Double Non-Suited Match?
Wins smaller than 0 had what sum of year?
Class of 125cc, and a Year smaller than 1966 had what lowest wins?
Class of 500cc, and a Wins smaller than 0 had what average year?
What are the highest laps Kazuki Nakajima did with a Grid larger than 19?
Which Constructor has a Grid of 17?
Who drives a BMW Sauber with a Grid larger than 2 and a Time/Retired of +15.037?
Participation as of actor, film editor has what average year?
What were the odds for the finish of 1/4h?
What is the lowest last quarter with a time of 1:53.2 and odds of *1.30?
What is the average number of Gold when the total is 11 with more than 2 silver?
What is the total rank with more than 0 silver and less than 2 medals total?
What is the value of bronze with less than 2 in total?
What number of rank has more than 2 medals in total with less than 4 bronze?
what is a building that is proposed and will have 32 floors?
What is the best time for marcus marshall?
What is the best time for a rusport driver with a qual 2 time of 1:10.166?
What team had a qual 2 time of 58.385?
What is the total for University of Dublin, having a panel of 0 for agricultural, was nominated by Taoiseach more than 0, and an industrial and commercial panel less than 0?
What is the average for the agricultural panel that has a National University of Ireland less than 0?
What is the lowest number for the University of Dublin, having and administrative panel of 3, and a Cultural and Educational panel less than 2?
What was the record at Memorial Stadium on September 19, 1965?
What is the largest attendance at Memorial Stadium on December 12, 1965?
Which Extra points is the highest one that has a Player of herman everhardus, and a Field goals larger than 0?
Which Extra points has Points smaller than 12, and a Player of chuck bernard, and Touchdowns larger than 1?
How many Field goals have Touchdowns smaller than 3, and a Player of willis ward, and an Extra points smaller than 0?
Whicih Extra points are the average ones that have Points smaller than 6?
Which position is round 7?
Which college has a position of goaltender?
What is Darryl Fedorak's highest round?
What nationality has a higher round than 8?
What is the connection with Australia when the connection with America shows born in the u.s.; mother is u.s. citizen?
What is the person born in Australia, rick springfield notable for?
What is the Born–Died for the person whose family moved to Australia at age 6?
What is the latest date with Cores per die / Dies per module of 2 / 1, and a Clock of 1.4-1.6ghz?
Which process has a date later than 2000 and a Clock of 1.4-1.6ghz?
Which date has a Clock of 0.8-1.6ghz?
What was the record on May 21?
On what date was the attendance 24,976?
On what date was the record 21-26?
How many were in attendance with a loss of Prokopec (2-7)?
Who was the opponent on May 20?
What is the tournament on Apr 6?
What is the 1st prize of the tournament in Scotland?
What is the location of the Sea Pines Heritage Classic tournament?
What is the score of the Tournament Players Championship?
What is the 1st prize at the U.S. Open?
What is the average first prize of the tournament with a score of 279 (–9)?
What is the lowest first prize of the Mercedes Championships tournament in California?
What is the average capacity for the venue where the team kommunalnik played?
What is the position of the team that played at the venue, Central, Gomel?
What is the position of the team that played at the venue with more than 6,500 capacity?
What is the smallest number of assists with 70 Pims and less than 19 goals?
What is the smallest number of assists for Ben Duggan with less than 7 points?
In what Year was Rhode Island the National Champion?
What was the Runner-up in the Monroe County Sports Commission?
At what Location was the Runner-up TBD?
At what Location did Robert Morris University (Illinois) Host the Lindenwood National Chamption?
What was the Runner-up with Ohio as the National Champion in Tucson, AZ?
Which graphics spec has a VRAM spec of 512MB?
What is the MSRP for the laptop with storage of 128-512 GB SSD?
Name the opponent for game 5
What status is shown for Cadeby?
What is the Former local authority for Ecclesfield?
What is the Status of Mexborough?
What is the score on December 1?
Which skip has Oliver Dupont as a second?
Which second's third is Jean-Michel Arsenault?
Which skip's third is Steffen Walstad?
Which skip's second is Martin Hejhal?
Which skip's lead is Gordon McDougall?
Which second's skip is Chris Plys?
How many Poles have a Class of 125cc, and a Team of matteoni racing team, and Points larger than 3?
How many Podiums have a Class of 250cc, and an F laps of 0?
Team of elgin city, and a Highest smaller than 537 had what total number of average?
Lowest larger than 288, and a Team of east stirlingshire has what lowest average?
what is the owner of the c501
Which Record has a Game larger than 32, and a December smaller than 21?
Which Score has Points larger than 46, and a Game smaller than 35, and a December of 21?
Which December is the lowest one that has Points of 52?
Which December has Points of 48, and a Game larger than 33?
WHich Regular Season Champions has a Year of 1943–44?
WHich Tournament venue has a Tournament Champion of duke and a Record of 15–1?
When has a Tournament venue of richmond arena, and a Record of 12–1, and a Regular Season Champion(s) of virginia tech?
When has a Record of 9–1, and a Tournament Champion of duke?
Which Regular Season Champion(s) has a Tournament Champion of west virginia in 1955–56?
Which Regular Season Champion(s) has a Record of 9–0, and a Tournament Champion of north carolina?
What is the lowest round for a player selected from a college of New Hampshire?
What nationality is Rod Langway?
What position is the player selected that has a round value over 3?
What college did the player selected in rounds over 3 play for?
What is the highest round that has a player selected from Clarkson University?
What is the lowest rank of Deutsche Telekom with a market value over 209,628?
What is the total market value of all corporations headquartered in Germany?
What is the lowest earnings of Vijay Singh who had more than 24 wins?
Which Rank is the highest one that has a Change smaller than 44, and a Centre of buenos aires, and a Rating larger than 628?
Which Centre has a Rank of 42?
Which Rating has a Centre of helsinki?
Which Change is the average one that has a Centre of buenos aires, and a Rank smaller than 46?
Operation of find-min has what Fibonacci?
Binomial of θ(1) has what pairing?
Pairing of θ(1), and a Binomial of θ(1) is what binary?
Operation of find-min has what binary?
Binary of θ(log n), and a Fibonacci of θ(1) has what binomial?
Which of the titles have a duration time of 4:57?
What composer has a duration time of 3:31?
Which one of the duration has a translation of 1000 lies?
Which title has a translation of I know in it?
Which title has a translation in it of 1000 lies?
Who won the gold when Bertil Ahlin Sweden won the silver?
Who won the gold when Jules van Dyk Belgium won bronze?
Who is the second for the curling team which has alternate Margarita Fomina?
Who is the second for the team with alternate Margarita Fomina?
Who is the alternate for the team for which Monika Wagner is the third?
Who is the lead for the team with Nkeiruka Ezekh as second?
Who is the lead for the team with Christina Haller as alternate?
What is the Latitude of the monument built in 1901?
What is the City or Town of the monument with a Longitude of 89°11′w?
What Monument was built after 1887 in Warren County?
What County has a Longitude of 85°45′43″w?
What is the Opponent from the final with a Partner named jorgelina cravero?
What was the outcome for the match at the leipzig tournament with a score w/o?
Who was the opponent that anke huber played against in the leipzig tournament?
What was the outcome of the match against Magdalena Maleeva?
What is the name of the player that was Pick 15?
To which college/junior/club team did the player that was Pick 12 belong?
What NHL team has a player in the position of Left Wing that came from the Toronto Marlboros (omjhl)?
To which college/junior/club team did the player that was Pick 16 belong?
What company does Simon Stone direct earlier than 2011?
Which Result has a Competition of world cup qualifying, and a Date of march 21, 1954?
Which Competition has a Result of w, and a Score of 2-0, and a Date of may 9, 1954?
Which Result has a Score of 4-1, and a Competition of world cup qualifying?
Which Score has a Competition of world cup qualifying, and a Brazil scorers of baltazar, and a Date of march 14, 1954?
Which Brazil scorers have a Result of w, and a Competition of world cup qualifying, and a Date of february 28, 1954?
when first elected was 1900 what was the district?
when first elected was 1898 what was the party?
How many Games have a Lost of 6, and Points smaller than 7?
What is Larry Centers' average number when there were less than 600 yards?
What is the highest number when there were more than 50 long and less than 762 yards?
What is the highest amount of yards when the average is 9.5?
Who was the runner-up on 5 aug 1990?
Which Tournament has a Winning score of −14 (65-69-72-68=274)?
Which Runner-up has a Winning score of −20 (70-69-64-65=268)?
Which Date has a Winning score of −15 (71-69-68-65=273)?
In which tournament was vijay singh a runner-up?
In which tournament was vijay singh a runner-up?
Which Description has a Year of Issue of 1983, and a Weight of 3.50grams?
Which Thickness has a Year of Issue smaller than 1983?
Which Description has a Year of Issue of 1983, and a Thickness of 1.7mm, and a Weight of 3.50grams?
Which Thickness has a Weight of 3.50grams?
Which Thickness has a Diameter of 21.9mm?
Who was on the Socialist Labor ticket in the race against W. Averell Harriman?
Who was the Republican candidate against the Democratic candidate Arthur Levitt?
Who was the Independent Socialist candidate for the office of comptroller?
Who was the Independent Socialist candidate who ran against the Liberal candidate Edward Goodell?
Which Att has a Time of 2:14?
when is Record of 66-95?
Which Opponent has a Record of 65-95?
What is the to par that has ernie els as the player?
What player has money of (£) 159,500, and france is the country?
What player has 69-70-68-73=280 as the score?
What is the average year that has a win less than 1, yamaha as the team, with points greater than 2?
What is the highest wins that has 350cc as the class, yamaha for the team, with points less than 37, and a year after 1979?
How many points have 500cc for the class, a win greater than 0, with a year after 1974?
How many wins have a year after 1976, and 350cc as the class?
How many San Jose wins have an LA goals larger than 6, and an LA wins smaller than 21?
Which San Jose goals have a San Jose wins smaller than 0?
Name the most april with record of 38-33-10
Name the opponent with record of 38-34-10
Name the total number of April for game more than 81 and reord of 38-33-10
what series was on may 14
What is the to par that has england as the country, with 66 as a score?
What country has a score less than 68, and paul casey as the player?
What is the lowest score that has alastair forsyth as the player?
How many scores have paul casey as a player?
Who owns the item that was a T326 before conversion and re-entered service on 11 September 1985?
What date did the T328 that entered service on 18 June 1956 re-enter service?
Which of V/Line Passenger's pre-conversions re-entered service on 23 November 1984?
Who owns the locomotive that entered service on 30 October 1956?
What was the score of the game when the record was 50-85?
What was the loss of the game when the record was 46-84?
What was the record at the game with a loss of Cook (14–7)?
What album is 4:53 long?
Which 1989 has a 1986 of 99?
Which 1983 has a Tournament of wimbledon?
Which Tournament has A in 1987?
Which 1988 has a 1985 of 2r?
Which 1988 has a 1982 of 104?
Which Tournament has a 1984 of 1r?
Release date of 2008 q3 has what release price?
Frequency of 1.2 ghz, and a Release price ( USD ) of $70 is what socket?
Socket of fcbga1088, and a Voltage of 1v, and a Part number(s) of nu80579ez600cnu80579ez600ct is what mult?
Spec number of slj6d(b1)slj6f(b1) has what mult.?
Socket of without quickassist has what release price?
Release date of 2008 q3, and a Part number(s) of nu80579ez009c has what Release price ( USD )?
What is the lowest Hong Kong value with a 0 Brisbane value and a greater than 0 Kuala Lumpur value?
What is the highest Kuala Lumpur value with a Durban value less than 1 and a Mar Del Plata value greater than 0?
What is the highest New Zealand value with a Hong Kong value less than 0?
What is the average Singapore value with a London value less than 0?
What position was picked for Canada on Pick 8?
What is the position that is shown for 2011?
what language is seethaiah in
Which Producer has a Role of rizzette?
Which Title has a Director of rowell santiago?
Which Year has a Producer of viva films, and a Title of magkapatid?
Which Director has a Role of melissa?
Which 1990-91 has an average number of 1.035?
What results has a week larger than 13?
What results has a week smaller than 2?
What was the score for game number 30?
What is the sum for the game with a score of 103–126?
What is the lowest game number that has a Record of 3–33?
what score was on february 21
What is the nationality of the player from the Ohio State University (NCAA) Team?
What is the lowest round of the Kitchener Rangers (OHA)?
What is the position of Pierre Daigneault?
What is the average 2006 value with a 2010 value of 417.9 and a 2011 value greater than 426.7?
What is the 2011 total with a 2008 value greater than 346.5, a 2009 value of 392, and a 2010 value bigger than 354.6?
What is the total 2008 value with a 2006 value greater than 322.7, a 353.9 in 2011, and a 2009 less than 392?
What is the highest 2009 value with a 2006 value smaller than 280.4, a 2007 less than 2.2, and a 2011 less than 3.5?
What is the average 2007 value with a 2009 value greater than 2.8, a 4.9 in 2010, and a 2006 less than 2.5?
What is the 2006 total with a 2010 value greater than 417.9?
when has an Opponent of @ philadelphia phillies and an Attendance of 20,072?
Which Opponent is on april 28?
Which Record has an Attendance of 24,597?
Which Record has a Loss of o'connor (0-1)?
which attendance has a Loss of drese (0-2)?
What is the highest 2nd in (m) that has a Rank more than 2 and Points more than 249.3
What is the first date of election for the incumbent that was re-elected in the South Carolina 1 district?
Who was the incumbent who was first elected in 1876?
Who was the Democratic incumbent in the South Carolina 5 District?
What is the first elected date for the incumbent in the South Carolina 4 district?
Which area has a telephone of (052) of 3862279?
Which driver had points over 252 in the season of 2012 with a percentage of possible points at 55.60%?
What is the number of races that took place with points of 257?
What is the number of points that driver fernando alonso has in the season he had 20 races?
What was the average Points of the season driver Fernando Alonso had a percentage of possible points of 53.05%?
What position has 217 as the pick?
Which score has a record of 18-21-7?
What is the lowest value for apps in 2009 season in a division less than 1?
What is the sum of goals for Torpedo Moscow in division 1 with an apps value less than 29?
Which Remixed by has a Version of album version, and an Album of les mots?
How long was the instrumental version in 1986?
Which long version was remixed in 1986?
Who was Canada's lead?
What was Canada's skip?
Which country has a Lead of sarah wazney?
Which Lead has a Third of jeanne ellegaard?
Which Skip has a Third of sara carlsson?
Which Skip has a Second of vicki adams?
Enrollment that has a School of south central (union mills) has what sum?
Mascot of blazers involves what city?
County of 46 laporte is what school?
What is the average Laps that shows spun off for time?
What is the average Laps for the Mexico team with a grid number of more than 1?
What is name of the drive with a Time of +13.315?
What is the total grid number that has 14 laps and a time of +29.483?
What is the total number of Laps when collision shows for time for Switzerland and less than 11 for grid?
What is the time of the game after week 4 against the Baltimore Ravens?
What nominated work has seattle international film festival as the award?
What award has breakthrough performance as the category?
What category has showest award for the category awards?
What category has a year after 2004?
Which Opponent had a Score of 6-3, 6-2?
Which Score had an Opponent of chris evert-lloyd?
Which Surface had an Opponent of chris evert-lloyd?
Which Surface had a Date of june 13, 1983?
What was the highest attendance for a game where Geelong was the home team?
What was the away team score when the home team was the Brisbane Lions?
What was the largest attendance at the Telstra Dome, when the home team was the Western Bulldogs?
What is the full amount of Total Cargo (in Metric Tonnes) where the Code (IATA/ICAO) is pvg/zspd, and the rank is less than 3?
What is the Date at memorial stadium • minneapolis, mn with an Attendance of 20,000, and a Result of w52-0?
What is the Opponent name at memorial stadium • minneapolis, mn on 10/20/1928?
What is the Attendance number when the Opponent was purdue?
What is the Site when the Result was w52-0?
What is the Attendance on 11/10/1928?
Who was the Winner at Campbelltown Sports Stadium?
When Sydney Roosters won with a Crown of more than 7,426, what was the Venue?
What was the second leg score from the group stage on matchday 5?
what year did enrique alciati make a statue
what artist cam from uruguay
When did mika heinonen susanna dahlberg win mixed doubles?
Score of 0–3 (11–21, 14–21) had what outcome?
Venue of thessaloniki (without participation) had what score?
Outcome of 13, and a Year of 2007 happened in what venue?
Which Eruptions have a Location of pacific ring of fire, and a Volcanic Explosivity Index of 6, and a Country of peru?
How many fatalities does Italy have?
How many years have a Location of pacific ring of fire, and Eruptions of pinatubo?
What is the Standings of Eintracht Braunschweig?
Year larger than 2001 has what average points?
Team of Honda and a point total of 238 is what highest year?
Wins of 0 involves what team?
what player has a pick of 5
Which District has a First elected of 1858, and a Result of retired republican gain, and an Incumbent of william millward?
Which Result has a District of pennsylvania 13?
Which First elected is the lowest one that has an Incumbent of william stewart?
Who was the Player when College/Junior/Club Team (League) was regina pats (whl)?
What is the date of the game with an attendance larger than 62,491?
What is the attendance of the game on week 4?
How many extra points are there that Herrnstein had with less than 2 touchdowns and less than 0 field goals?
How many touchdowns are there that has field goals less than 0 and 0 extra points?
How many field goals are there that have 8 touchdowns and more than 49 points?
What's the number of touchdowns that Snow made that had 0 field goals, more than 5 points, and more than 0 extra points?
For an IATA of MLE, what is the ICAO?
For an ICAO of VCCT, what is the IATA?
Which city has an ICAO of VCCJ?
Which ICAO is found in Vavuniya?
Which country has Weerawila Airport?
Which opponent has april 1 as the date?
What opponent has tomko (1-1) as a loss?
What opponent has 8-10 as the record?
Whcih was the Class AAA in school year 2006-07?
What team was class AA in years 1994-95?
Who was Class AA in School Year 1994-95?
What's the date of the game that has the Bulls as a visiting team?
What is the average game number that took place after February 13 against the Toronto Maple Leafs and more than 47 points were scored?
Who was the opponent at the game at Sullivan Stadium before week 11?
What is the years coached by the person with a win percentage of 0.667 and 380 losses?
What is the average percent for the coach from 1905 and more than 7 losses?
How many percentages have 20 losses and more than 1 season?
What home has February 10 as the date?
What date has ny islanders as the visitor?
What score has February 10 as the date?
Name the course for 24 july
Name the course for team time trial
Name the winner for rest day for 13 july
Shawn Michaels entered the elimination chamber in what position?
Who Eliminated Kurt Angle?
Who Eliminated Kane?
What is the sum of all gold medals for Algeria when total medals is less than 3?
what is the population of Valencia, Spain?
which year holds rank 2?
with name meridian condominiums what is number of floors?
with rank of 31 what is the year?
What was the date of the match against the visiting team, Toronto?
Who played the home team during the game on January 6?
What was the cougars record during the game where Boston were the visitors?
What's the lowest Drawn that has a Lost that's less than 0?
What's the total Lost with Games that's less than 4?
What's the total of Games with a Lost that's larger than 2, and has Points that's smaller than 0?
What's the Lost average that has a Drawn less than 0?
What record has @ ottawa senators as the opponent?
What game has 28 points, and tampa bay lightning as the opponent?
What is the average points that have a December less than 6, with a game greater than 26?
Who was the opponent at the game with a loss of Sele (0-1)?
Record of 42–16–8, and a March larger than 5 has what average points?
Points smaller than 96, and a Record of 43–16–8 belongs to what game?
Game smaller than 70, and a Record of 43–16–8 is what opponent?
Record of 44–18–8 involves which score?
Which college is Kellen Davis from?
Which round's position is according to official website?
Which position's round was 3 when pick was 70?
Which pick's round was 5 when Kellen Davis was a player?
Which college's pick was 14?
Which Rec has an Average smaller than 32, and a Touchdown smaller than 3, and an Opponent of oregon state?
Which rec has Yards of 192, and a Touchdown smaller than 1?
Which Opponent has Yards smaller than 197, and an Average smaller than 32, and a Year of 1966?
How many Touchdowns have a rec of 10, and an Opponent of oregon state, and an Average smaller than 19.7?
Which Points have an Opponent of @ atlanta thrashers, and a Game smaller than 28?
How many Points have a Game smaller than 37, and a Score of 2–3, and a December of 13?
Which Game is the highest one that has a Score of 3–2?
What spans were built in 1896?
Who has a length of 71 ft?
Where was the county of rockingham?
What is the propulsion for the RB 04 earlier than 1962?
What is the name of the anti-ship missile that had a turbojet propulsion that was launched by a surface, sub after 1985?
What country had an anti-ship missile that had a solid rocket propulsion?
How many seats in 2001 with a quantity greater than 4?
What make and model of the diesel vehicle with a high floor type, bike capacity less than 3, and a quantity of 4?
What score has nashville predators as the opponent?
What are the average points that have december 27?
What record has points greater than 39, with 38 as the game?
What is the Stuffit ability that has a gzip of yes, ISO/CD images of no and LHA/LZH of no?
What is the gzip value associated with a stuffit of no, bzip2 of no, and LHA.LZH of no?
What is the StuffitX value that has a Stuffit of unknown, LHA/LZH of yes, and unknown ISO/CD image?
What is the stuffit that has bzip and LHA/LZH of no?
Which round was Robert Deciantis taken in?
Which round was Brian Elder taken in?
what is the date of the tournament in michalovce
What was the winning score of the Valero Texas Open?
When was the winning score –12 (69-66-72-65=272)?
Who was the runner-up when the winning score was –28 (66-67-68-64-67=332)?
Which party had a Retired Democratic hold?
What's the average year Charles N. Felton was re-elected?
What year was Barclay Henley first elected?
what is the sponsor of motorola
Which Opponent has the Event of Sengoku 1?
What Record has an Event of Pride Shockwave 2004?
What's the average pole position for the driver that has a percentage of 44.81%?
What's the average front row starts for drivers with less than 68 pole positions and entries lower than 52?
Attendance of 60,671 had what average week?
Week of 7 had what average attendance?
How many legs were lost for Trina Gulliver with more than 3 played?
What is the most sets won with less than 1 legs won?
Yards of 45, and a Date of november 8, 1971 is what kicker?
Game time of 2nd quarter (0:00), and a Date of november 8, 1971 has how many average yards?
Opponent of new york giants, and a Yards smaller than 68 is what kicker?
Yards larger than 52, and a Opponent of san francisco 49ers is what kicker?
Result of missed*, and a Game time of 2nd quarter (0:00), and a Kicker of mason crosby involves what date?
Opponent of houston texans had what result?
Which Nationality of the person has a Position on left wing?
Which College/Junior/Club Team (League) are from sweden?
WHich Position is from russia?
Which venue is with Ukraine?
Which venue had a nationality of Belgium?
Which Best Actor has a Best Film of mystery?
Which Year has a Best Film of mystery?
Which Best Actress has a Year of 2012 6th?
Which Best Actor has a Best Director of takeshi kitano for outrage beyond?
Which Best Film has a Best Supporting Actress of shamaine buencamino for niño?
Score of 0–0, and a Date of 02-jan-64 had what result?
Result of l, and a Competition of 1966 asian games, and a Score of 0–1 had what date?
Competition of friendly, and a Date of 03-jun-62 had what score?
Result of w, and a Competition of 1968 asian cup happened on what date?
Result of l, and a Date of 15-oct-64 had what score?
What incumbent was re-elected in the district in california 3?
What is the district of the incumbent Thomas Larkin Thompson?
What incumbent has a re-elected result and first elected larger than 1884?
Which Telugu తెలుగు has a Kannada ಕನ್ನಡ of chitra ಚಿತ್ತ?
Which Telugu తెలుగు has a Tamil தமிழ் of pūrāṭam பூராடம்?
Which Telugu తెలుగు has a Tamil தமிழ் of pūsam பூசம்?
Which Mongolian has a Tamil தமிழ் of pūrāṭam பூராடம்?
What kind of Sanskrit संस्कृतम् has a Kannada ಕನ್ನಡ of uttara ಉತ್ತರಾ?
What kind of Sanskrit संस्कृतम् has a Tamil தமிழ் of rōkiṇi ரோகிணி?
What is the frequency for katherine?
Which band has a current freq of 8tab (hpon)?
Which freq currently has 0 657?
What is the purpose for the katherine freq of 8rn?
Which freq currently has 0 684?
Which band serves darwin for commercial purpose?
What is the points difference for a loss less than 6, and points less than 11?
Which Opponent has a Loss of báez (5-5)?
Which Score has an Opponent of @ rockies, and a Record of 33-35?
Which Attendance has an Opponent of phillies, and a Record of 30-33?
Which Attendance is the highest one that has a Loss of batista (4-5)?
What is the frequency MHz of the ERP W's greater than 250?
What is the call sign of the MHz Frequency less than 94.9 and an ERP W of 170?
What is the FCC info for the city of Tribune, Kansas?
What is the city of license with an ERP W less than 170?
What is the smallest ERP W with a frequency MHz of 94.9?
What is the ERP W of a Frequency MHz greater than 89.5 in the city of Washburn, Texas?
What is the total number of bronze medals the U.S. Virgin Islands, which has less than 0 golds, has?
What is the rank of the team with 11 total medals and more than 4 silver medals has?
What is the lowest total medals the team with more than 0 bronze, 6 silver, and a rank higher than 3 has?
What is the highest rank of Venezuela, which has more than 9 bronze medals?
What is the lowest rank of the team with 0 bronze, 1 silver, and more than 0 gold?
What round has mathieu garon as the player?
What nationality has a position of left wing, and a round greater than 4, with mattia baldi as the player?
How many rounds have goalie as the position?
Which Competition has a Date of may 2, 1993?
Which Result has a Goal larger than 6, and a Score of 1–0, and a Competition of friendly, and a Date of may 31, 1998?
What was the score on april 4, 1993?
What's the 1 credit with a Hand of Theoretical Return?
What is the games number when the Position was wr, and a Number larger than 17?
What is the class for the position of lg?
What is the highest weight for the Farnley Stakes race?
What time is associated with the event that happened in Tokyo, Japan, ending in a draw, with 3 rounds?
Which 2012 has a 2007 of 0 / 4?
Which 2011 has a Career Win-Loss of 7–10?
Which 1998 has a 2002 of 2–4?
Which 2002 has a 2008 of 3–3?
Which 2003 has a 2012 of 1r, and a 2008 of 1r?
What club is robert gallery a part of
How many attendance numbers had more than 15 games, and sellouts of more than 8 in the 2011-12 season?
What's the mean attendance number when the record is 12-4 and the average is less than 10,027?
What is the full amount of averages when the sellouts are less than 14, the season is 2011-12, and attendance is less than 162,474?
What medal was awarded in the men's freestyle 52 kg?
Events smaller than 1 had what highest cuts made?
What position was played with a Difference of - 5, and a Played larger than 14?
How many games lost associated with under 14 played?
How many games against for team guarani with under 3 draws?
What Congress had less than 23 cosponsors and had June 30, 2005 as the date of introduction of the bill?
Who sponsored the bill introduced on June 9, 2011?
Who sponsored the bill that was introduced on June 2, 2009?
What is the Outcome of the Melbourne Tournament?
In what Tournament was Janet Young a Partner?
What was the Outcome of the match with a Score of w/o?
Which school or club team has a pick of 139?
What is the pick number for the player playing tackle position, and a round less than 15?
Which school of club team has a pick of 46?
Who got 59.486 for Qual 2?
Who got 59.578 for Qual 1?
What team was Andrew Ranger in?
What team has 59.372 for qual 1?
What did Alex Tagliani get for Qual 1?
What was the result of the game on November 7, 1999?
When was the game before week 15 with the result of bye?
Who is the writer of Wallace & Gromit: A Close Shave, a short film from before 2008?
What notes did the creature comforts film have?
Who is the director of Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit?
What is the earliest year of Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit?
what was the length of the game on may 19
March of 26 has what lowest game?
March of 29 involves what highest scoring game?
Game larger than 76, and a March larger than 26 involves what score?
What was the time when the laps were smaller than 66 and the grid was 15?
What was the grid for anthony davidson when the laps were less than 8?
What team did carlos cardus drive for in 1983 when he got less than 21 points?
What is the sum of the points when Carlos drove for repsol honda in 8th place?
What is the average points won when Carlos had 0 wins?
What is the highest year that Carlos drove for repsol honda and had less than 4 wins and less than 162 points?
What is the total number of goals from 24 tries and 96 or greater points?
What year has tries less than 24 and 0 points?
What Game has a Location of Philadelphia Spectrum and an Opponent of New York Knicks?
What Game has a Location of Philadelphia Spectrum and a Date of April 1?
What is the segment for Netflix episode S08E04?
What is the Netflix episode for series episode 15-01?
What is the segment A for the episode with Children's Ride-on Cars for segment D?
What is the earliest year with fewer than 5 wins and 89 points?
When is the most recent year with more than 27 points and more than 5 wins?
What are the sum of points in 1989 with 0 wins?
Which class has fewer than 89 points and the Honda team later than 1987?
How many points are there later than 1992?
Where was the event on June 10?
What event was in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA?
On September 10 during Strikeforce: Heavyweight Grand Prix Semifinals, what was the PPV buyrate?
How many points are there on november 7?
What was the score in the game where the Blazers were the home team?
How many people attended the game that had the Clippers as visiting team?
Which team has a car # before 99, a Toyota, and is driven by Mike Skinner?
What is the lowest position for driver Kyle Busch?
Who is the team of the Chevrolet, and has a position less than 7, for car # 88?
Which Film has a Result of nominated, and a Year of 2001?
Which Award has a Group of césar awards, and a Result of nominated, and a Year larger than 2001, and a Film of 8 women (8 femmes)?
Which Year has a Group of césar awards, and a Result of nominated, and an Award of the best actress, and a Film of 8 women (8 femmes)?
Which Award has a Result of nominated, and a Year of 2003?
Which Result has a Year larger than 2003, and an Award of best supporting actress?
Name the total number of valid poll with seats more than 4 and candidates more than 9
Name the least valid poll for munster
Name the average valid poll for seats less than 3
Which Label has a Region of canada?
Which Date has a Catalog of 887 195-2, and a Format of cd maxi?
Which Date has a Region of france?
Which Time has an Opponent of shamil abdurahimov?
Which Record has an Event of cage rage 23?
What was the average date with a record of 30-31-9 in a game over 70?
What is the latest date at Los Angeles with a game less than 62?
What is the latest date for a game over 69 with a St. Louis Blues opponent?
What is the highest game with Oakland Seals opponent and a record of 27-30-6 on a date more than 7?
What is the total attendance for the date of october 5?
What record has September 21 as the date?
What was the score of the match on December 19, 2009?
What's the highest game against the New York Rangers with more than 55 points?
What's the record for a game past 44 against the Dallas Stars with more than 54 points?
What is the latest Fiscal Year with Revenues of $4.3 billion, and more than 85,335 employees?
What is the average Fiscal Year of the firm Headquartered in noida, with less than 85,335 employees?
What are the Points after 1991?
What Class has 36 Points?
What is the Class after 1986?
How many attendances had the Detroit Lions as opponents?
Which nationality's distance was 500m before 2012, when the record was 1:37.071s?
Which location's year was 2001 when the record was 3:52.983s?
Which nationality's distance was 200m and had a year more recent than 1994 when the record was 33.778s?
How many Total medals for the team with a Rank of 8, 1 Bronze and more than 1 Silver?
How many Gold does the Nation in Rank 12 with less than 2 Total medals have?
Which NHL team got pick 89?
Who plays goaltender for the Vancouver Canucks?
What is the % Change at London Heathrow airport?
What 2003 rank does the airport IATA code SIN have?
Which airport has an IATA code of AMS?
What is the IATA code of the airport that has a Total Cargo of 1,838,894 Metric Tonnes?
What is the 2003 rank for Los Angeles International airport?
What district is Wyatt Aiken in?
Silver larger than 0, and a Total smaller than 3, and a Nation of bulgaria, and a Bronze smaller than 0 had what sum of gold?
Nation of total has what sum of gold?
Total of 3, and a Gold larger than 0, and a Nation of belarus, and a Silver larger than 2 has what sum of bronze?
Bronze of 22 has what average silver?
Which position had 5 games played and a record of 1-2-2?
What was the name of the leader whose term ended in 2013?
When was the start of the leader's term who was born on January 8, 1859 and whose term ended in 1919?
Which leader born on December 17, 1874 started their term before 1984?
What date shows the Outcome of winner against nikola fraňková carmen klaschka?
What is the Outcome of the jounieh tournament?
What date was the score of 6–3 6–4?
when indiana pacers were the opponent what was the date?
tries against is 55, what is the try bonus?
tries against is 29, what is the points against?
tries against correct as of 2007-10-15 has what tries for?
tries against correct as of 2007-10-15 has what tries for?
tries against is 88, played is 22, what is the lost?
Who won silver in the year before 2010, the year Chan Ming Shu won gold?
What is the location for the year under 2010 and the year Hei Zhi Hong won silver?
Which location had a year over 2006?
Score F–A of 2–0, and a Opponents of walsall has what date?
Score F–A of 3–0, and a Date of 31 july 2007 had what opponents?
Opponents of sheffield wednesday had what date?
Opponents of sheffield wednesday had what date?
Date of 4 august 2007 had what opponents?
WHich Position has a Player of david laliberte?
Which Position has a Player of gino pisellini?
What is the winning score of standard register ping tournament, which has Kelly Robbins as the runner-up?
What is the winning score of the tournament on 16 May 1993?
What is the margin of victory of the tournament on 5 Jun 1988?
What is the winning scor of the tournament with Robin Walton as the runner-up?
which NHL team has a College/Junior/Club Team (League) of shattuck-saint mary's school (midget major aaa)?
How many Rounds have a Nationality of canada, and a College/Junior/Club Team (League) of fort mcmurray oil barons (ajhl)?
Which Round has a NHL team of edmonton oilers and a Player of vyacheslav trukhno?
Which Round has a Nationality of united states, and a College/Junior/Club Team (League) of breck school (ushs)?
What is the max 1-min wind mph when the minimum press is 997?
How many deaths occurred during Darby?
What is the distance from Jaffa of Jerusalem station?
What visitor has February 11 as the date?
Which venue is the friendly match in?
What is the result of the friendly match in Seoul?
What is the result of the 2007 AFC asian cup?
Which Runner(s)-up has a Margin of victory of 1 stroke, and a Tournament of world seniors invitational?
Which Runner(s)-up has a Tournament of general foods pga seniors' championship?
Which Tournament has a Margin of victory of 2 strokes, and a Winning score of −14 (68-66-68=202)?
Which Date has a Winning score of −9 (70-64-70=203)?
What was the High points when date was February 11?
What was the team that has a High rebounds of popeye jones (14), and when the Record was 16-28?
What is the Location Attendance when the Date was February 27?
What is the score of the scores when Game had a Record of 17-29?
Who has the lead on Lisa Weagle?
Which event shows Matt St. Louis in second and a skip of John Morris?
What are the highest attempts that have net yards less than 631, and 2 for the touchdowns?
What are the average net yards that have 9 as the touchdowns, 145 as the attempts, and yards per attempt greater than 4.8?
How many yards per attempt have net yards greater than 631?
What are the highest touchdowns that have net yards greater than 631, with attempts less than 145?
What is the value for Slalom in seasons later than 1994 and overall value greater than 22?
How many seasons had a Super G of 2 and overall of 3?
Who was the Opponent in the Auckland, New Zealand Tournament?
On what Date was Rafael Nadal the Opponent?
Who was the Opponent on a Hard (i) Surface?
What was the Score at the Auckland, New Zealand Tournament?
What team plays in Dinamo, Brest?
What team plays at Spartak, Mogilev?
Who was the Producer/Director of Fear Beneath?
What film was released in 1996?
Who is the Producer/Director of Political Engagement?
What is the original airdate for episode 7-17 (195) from writer Sidney Slon?
What is the date of the tournament played in Madrid, Spain?
What opponent has final as the round?
What round has hereford united as the opponent?
Which Location /State has a Winner of craig lowndes, and a Date of 29–31 may?
Which Team has a Winner of craig lowndes, and a Circuit of phillip island grand prix circuit?
Which Location/ State has a Date of 29–31 may?
Who won at the Circuit of lakeside international raceway?
What is the service charge of the boat howitzers with 456 made?
What is the service chage of the boat howitzers with a 12-pdr light destination?
What is the service charge of the boat howitzers with 1009 made?
What is the bore of the boat howitzers with a 12-pdr heavy designation?
Which attendance has 9 as the tie no.?
How many Picks have a Position of defensive end, and an Overall smaller than 33?
Which Overall is the highest one that has a Name of gregory spann, and a Pick # larger than 19?
Which Pick # has a Round larger than 5, and a Position of wide receiver, and a Name of gregory spann, and an Overall larger than 228?
What is the score from the 21-27 Record?
How many people attended the May 28 game?
What is the average drawn number of the team with less than 70 points and less than 46 played?
What is the highest position of the team with 24 lost and a drawn greater than 9?
How many Points has a Game of 82 and a April larger than 10?
How many Games have a Score of 3–3 ot?
Which April has a Game of 84
what's the played status when the club was banwen rfc?
what's the points total when points against was points against?
when points were 36 and points against 489 what is the lost?
when points against was 387 what was the lost?
when points for was points for what was the points?
What was 1948's pick?
What was the pick in 2004?
How many years have a Pick of 12, and a Position of dt, and a College of penn state?
What is the scoring average where the wins are 0?
What year has earnings of $557,158?
Which Points have an Opponent of @ florida panthers, and a Game larger than 58?
Which February has a Game of 64?
Which Points have a Game smaller than 60, and a Score of 2–0, and a February larger than 1?
Which Game is the highest one that has a February of 25?
Which Game is the highest one that has a Score of 3–4 ot, and Points larger than 75?
How much February has a Score of 5–2, and Points of 70?
Which result happened more recently than week 2, and had a date of November 30, 1958?
what album is 4:30 long
What is the Head Coach of Novy Urengoy?
What is the Arena o Kazan?
What is the Website of Head Coach Yuriy Korotkevich?
Opponents of sebastián decoud santiago giraldo had what surface?
Partnering of franco ferreiro had what tournament?
Date of april 10, 2006 had what surface?
Surface of clay, and a Partnering of júlio silva had what score?
Date of november 3, 2008 had what score?
Which Points have a Name of denis kornilov?
Which Rank that a Name of thomas morgenstern, and Points larger than 288.7?
What is the overall number for Louisiana Tech college, and a pick more than 10?
What was the pick number for Deji Karim, in a round lower than 6?
Which college had an overall number more than 180?
What is the overall number for a pick of #10, from Louisiana Tech, and a round bigger than 3?
What's the Pick average that has a School/Club Team of Alabama, with a Round that's smaller than 9?
What's the sum of the Pick that has the Player of Robert Ingalls?
What's the sum of the Pick that has the Position of Tackle, the Player Woody Adams, and a Round that's larger than 22?
What Position has a Round that's larger than 21?
What is the sum of the Europe totals for players with other appearances of 0, league appearances under 328, and a position of MF?
Occupational pensions of 7%, and a Working tax credit of 2%, and a Other social security benefits of 6% has what investment income?
Region of eastern england has what investment income?
State pensions of 7%, and a Self employed of 7%, and a Other income sources of 2% has what investment income?
Other income sources of 2%, and a State pensions of 7%, and a Working tax credit of 2%, and a Employment ( salaries & wages) of 66% has what occupational pensions?
Investment income of 2%, and an other income sources of 3%, and an employment (salaries & wages) of 71% involves which self employed?
Employment ( salaries & wages) of 64%, and a Occupational pensions of 6% has what working tax credit?
How many Drawn is which has a Games smaller than 6?
What is the Points that has  61 - 15 Point difference and a Drawn larger than 1?
How many Drawn has a Games larger than 6?
What is the smallest electorate with 78,076 quota and less than 13 candidates?
What is the turnout with 15 candidates and more than 377,591 valid poll?
What country is ranked 79?
What is the lowest rank for an album after 1999 and an Accolade of the 100 greatest indie rock albums of all time?
Which Week is on sunday november 28?
How many weeks have an Opponent of at new york giants?
When is the Opponent of new england patriots?
Which week has a Result of w 23–6?
How many people did Mayor Olav Martin Vik preside over?
What's the area of askøy, with a Municipal code less than 1247?
What Mayor is from the KRF Party?
What's the Municipal code of the FRP Party with an area of 100?
How many people does the KRF Party preside over?
What is the total number of overall draft picks for player whose position is C and was picked after round 9?
What position was Jafus White who was picked after round 1?
What is the total number of overall draft picks for Fred Nixon?
Who is the athlete who was picked before round 9, had an overall draft pick after number 143 and plays the position of db?
What is the highest round of the player with an overall of 152?
What is the average round of the defensive back player with a pick # greater than 5 and an overall less than 152?
What is the average overall of John Ayres, who had a pick # greater than 4?
What is the name of the player with a pick # less than 5 and an overall of 284?
What is the average overall of Ken Whisenhunt, who has a pick # of 5?
What is the lowest pick # of John Ayres?
What is the name of team with Palmeiras 4-2 portuguesa as the last match?
What was the manner of departure replaced by tita?
What is the name of the last match that had a sacked manner of departure and a geninho outgoing manner?
What is the last match with a vacancy date of round 2 and Ney Franco as outgoing manager?
What is the last match with a resigned manner of departure and a round 1 date of vacancy?
What is the highest effic with an avg/g of 91.9?
What is the att-cmp-int with an effic smaller than 117.88 and a gp-gs of 10-0?
What is the sum avg/g with an effic of 858.4?
What is the mascot for the school in 32 Hendricks County?
Where is Lafayette T. Jefferson School in 79 Tippecanoe county?
Where is the school with Royals as their mascot?
What was the score for the game on February 12?
What was the score for the game on February 29?
Where was the home team in the game played against Chicago?
Which Season has a Game of fcs midwest region, and a Score of 40-33?
Which Game has a Result of win, and an Opponent of new hampshire, and a Season smaller than 2008?
Which Season has a Score of 39-27?
What result has a goal of 5?
What's the record on May 25?
What's greatest attendance on May 7?
Which January has a Record of 28–14–8?
Which Points is the highest one that has a Game smaller than 43, and a January larger than 8?
What is the mean number of wins for the norton team in 1966, when there are 8 points?
What is the most recent year for the ajs team when there are fewer than 0 wins?
What is the smallest point amount for years prior to 1958 when the class is 350cc?
What is the largest amount of wins when there are less than 5 points, the class is 500cc, the team is norton, and the year is more recent than 1955?
When was the game that had a first prize of $161,480?
Who won on May 2011?
What is the general classification with a 13 stage?
What is teh stage with Daniele Bennati as the points classification and Giovanni VIsconti as the general classification?
What is the general classification of the stage 3 with Daniele Bennati as the points classification and Morris Possoni as the young rider classification.
What is the general classification with riccardo riccò as the young rider classification?
What is the point classification with chris anker sørensen as the young rider classification and Christian vande velde as the general classification?
What is the point classification of stage 15?
what week number was at memorial stadium?
before week 12 what was the attendance on 1983-11-21?
on week 16, what was the lowest attendance?
At what venue is the margin of victory 7 strokes?
What was the purse when Sherri Steinhauer was champion at Woburn Golf and Country Club?
What is the exit date of the player who transferred to Cardiff City?
What is the exit date of the player who transferred to Portsmouth?
Which player has a position of FW?
Which Frequency MHz has an ERP W larger than 4, and a Call sign of w218ap?
Which City of license has a Frequency MHz of 91.5 fm?
Which City of license has a Call sign of w220ba?
Which ERP W has a Frequency MHz of 89.3 fm?
How many wins does Greg Norman have?
What is the lowest number played with a position of 6 and less than 1 draw?
What is the highest against value for Palmeiras and position less than 4?
What is the highest number played with more than 2 lost for Palmeiras and less than 1 draw?
What is the average number lost when the against value is less than 5?
How many values for a win by 2 or more goals correspond to a difference of 2, more than 9 points, and the America-RJ team when more than 7 are played?
What is the average total of the census after 1971 with 10,412 (32.88%) Serbs?
what is the school that hosts jim goodman
Which Surface has a Date of january 2, 2006?
Which tournament happened on september 25, 2006?
When did joão souza play?
Which Surface has a Score of 7–5, 6–4?
What is the highest NFL Draft that has jeff robinson as the player, with an overall pick less than 98?
What position has 1958 as the NFL Draft, and jerry kramer as the player?
What is the highest overall pick that has c as the position, with an NFL Draft greater than 1977?
What was the score at Spartan Stadium when San Jose was the Home team?
Where was the game on September 11, 2004?
Who was the home team on September 20, 1998 at Spartan Stadium?
What method has a round less than 3, and 3:36 as the time?
What method has randy couture as the opponent?
What is the median household income where the per capita is $28,789?
What is the median income for a family whose per capita income is $18,296?
What is the resolution of the network Canal de las Estrellas?
What is the resolution of the network Carismatv?
Which dish belongs to the network that has the official website of ksat.com?
In which city is the network latv licensed?
In which city is the network with the callsign kgns-dt3 licensed?
How many in the introduced section had Fokker as a manufacturer, a quantity of 5, and retired later than 1999?
What is the total number of quantity when the introductory year was 1984?
How many in the introduced segment retired later than 1994 and had Fokker as a manufacturer?
How many in the quantity section had Fokker as a manufacturer and retired later than 1999?
Which Championship has a Scoreboard that is 22-14?
What year was the building with a top 3 rank and a height of 274 (84) ft (m) completed?
How many floors are in the 274 (84) ft (m) building that is ranked number 1?
Which is the highest ranked building with more than 15 floors?
What is the highest points scored for the team with a position larger than 5, who had less than 4 wins and more than 8 draws?
What is the average number conceded for hte team that had less than 19 points, played more than 18 games and had a position less than 10?
What was the sum of the draws for the team that had 11 wins, less than 38 points, and a position smaller than 4?
What was the lowest number of wins for the team that scored more than 14 points and had a position of 7?
What is the total number scored for the team that had 19 points and a position larger than 4?
What is the lowest number conceded for the team that had less than 8 wins, scored 21, and had less than 23 points?
Which Date has a Result of l 14–13?
Which Date has a Result of w 13–6?
What is the Result of Week larger than 3 on 1971-11-07?
What is the pos with more than 1 tier during Pokal Slovenije 1. round?
What are the exact Cubic inches of the Metric value of 104.955 L?
What is the Translation of the US Customary value 0.263 pt?
What is the Metric value of Russian че́тверть?
What are the exact Cubic inches of the Unit of kruzhka?
Which Zero Fighter has a count of 10?
On which day were the subtotal hours 9:30?
What is the count for the Zero Fighter with hours of 2:00?
Which record has Katsuomi Inagaki as an opponent?
Which method has a 1:46 time?
What is Henri Crockett's highest overall with more than 3 picks?
Which college has fewer than 2 rounds?
What are the total number of picks for a guard with fewer than 6 rounds?
What is the lowest overall for a quarterback with fewer than 7 rounds?
What Playoffs had an Open Cup of 3rd round?
What was the D segment for episode 60?
What was the B segmint for Netlix S03E01?
What was the D segment for episode 60?
What racing club team made supercopa 1996?
Name the # country for new palestine
Name the number of enrollment for county of 48 madison
Name the IHSAA class with county 18 delaware and tigers mascot
Name the mascot for shelbyville
What's the capacity that has the highest greater than 1,763 and is at Hampden Park?
What's the highest with a capacity of greater than 4,000 and an average of 615?
At Balmoor Stadium, what's the total average having a greater than 400 lowest?
What was the score of Tommy Aaron (2) when the tournament was in georgia?
What was the score of Ken Still (3) when he won first place?
Who beat Chic by 8fm?
What was the placing of the race in which Chic won by 8gf?
What was the date in which Chic won at CHS?
Who is the opponent of game 54, which was in Los Angeles and was before day 18?
What is the earliest date of the game with a score of 2-2?
What is the average date of the game with the Detroit Red Wings as the opponent?
What is the date of the game with a score of 4-2?
What was the loss of the game that had a record of 3-3?
What was the score of the game with a loss of Mercedes (0-1)?
Who was the opponent at the game with a loss of Weaver (1-2)?
What's the Remixed by with a Version of Strings for Soul's Mix?
What the highest Year with a Remixed by Laurent Boutonnat?
What's the total Year with a Length of 4:45 an has an Album of Les Mots?
What's the Length with the Version of Album Version?
What Album has a Year that's larger than 2001?
What is the lowest position for bruce taylor?
Which pilot has a position above 5 and a speed of 118.8km/h?
What is Erwin Sommer's average position?
What is the highest rank of the day with a gross of $38,916 and more than 6 screens?
What is the gross in the United Kingdom?
What is the territory with 17 screens?
What is the lowest number of Golds that has Participants smaller than 14, and Rank of 1, and Total larger than 1?
On what date was the record 39–54?
What was the record on July 1?
How many total matches with less than 1 win and a position higher than 8?
Which Liberal leader has Seats won smaller than 100, and Seats in House of 215, and a % of popular vote of 43.1%?
Which Popular vote has a Liberal leader of king, and Seats won larger than 116, and a Year of 1921?
How many Liberal candidates have a Liberal leader of pearson, and a % of popular vote of 40.2%, and Seats won smaller than 131?
What is the score during the 2006-2007 year?
Who were the winners in 2010-2011?
What is the score of the match with UTC as the runner-up and Saint-Gaudens Bears as the winners?
Which year had UTC as the runner-up and Saint-Gaudens Bears as the winners?
What is the venue of the match with a score of 33-22?
Who had the highest assists during the game on February 22?
What team did the Heat play against at the TD Waterhouse Centre?
What date was the game against Toronto which had a game number higher than 53?
What is the date of the that was played with the Baltimore Colts at home?
How long did the game go that was played with the Houston Oilers at home?
What was the date of the game that lasted 75:43?
Who is the away team for the game played on December 24, 1977?
What was the length of the game where the Baltimore Colts were at home?
What's the number of laps for 16 grids?
Who was the rider for laps less than 23 with grid greater than 21 that had a time of +1 lap?
What's the total grid for someone with a time/retire of +44.831
What's the smallest grid for Time/Retired of +22.687?
What is the recoupa sudaamericana 1996 result of team flamengo, which did not qualify for the copa conmebol 1996?
What is the copa libertadores 1996 result of the team with a copa conmebol 1996 result of quarterfinals?
What is the copa libertadores 1996 of team corinthians?
What is the copa conmebol 1996 result of the team with a recopa sudamericana 1996 result of champions?
What is the recoupa sudamericana 1996 of the team with a copa libertadores 1996 result of the round of 16?
What is the recoupa sudamericana 1996 result of team corinthians?
What season has 195 runs as a margin?
What season has 2 as a rank?
What venue has 2 as the rank?
What opponent has 2011/12 as the season?
What is the length of the version from 2003?
Who remixed the version with a length of 4:22?
What is the length of the UK remix version?
What year was the version with a remixes album?
How many losses did the team, Sturt, have when they had more than 0 wins?
What is the average number of draws for the team that had more than 0 wins?
What is the least amount of losses for the team that had more than 0 draws during the seasons earlier than 1926?
What is the highest number of wins for the team, Central District, who had less than 0 draws and took place during a season before 1995?
What is the average number of wins before the season in 1906 where there were 0 draws?
Who is the Opposing Pitcher when Team is phillies, Location is pittsburgh, and Inning is 8th?
What is the lowest Game where Inning is 6th, and the Opposing Pitcher is cliff curtis?
What is was Date that where Triple was smaller than 26, and Game was 25?
Which Gold is the lowest one that has a Bronze of 14, and a Total larger than 42?
Which Bronze is the lowest one that has a Nation of total, and a Gold smaller than 14?
How much Total has a Nation of kazakhstan (kaz), and a Gold larger than 0?
Which Total is the highest one that has a Rank of 1, and a Gold larger than 11?
Who finished 3rd in Oslo?
On November 22, what were the results of the friendly type game?
On October 8, what city was the game played?
On June 29, who was the opponent?
What date had an opponent of Sweden and a friendly type game?
What were the results on September 7?
What is the Winning team on january 28, 2006?
Which Series has a Winning team of iowa state and a Sport of w basketball?
Which Series has a Site of ames on september 10, 2005?
Which Series has a Site of ames and a Sport of w gymnastics?
WHich port is on march 17, 2006 and has a Winning team of iowa state?
Which Site has a Date of march 17, 2006 and an iowa state Winning team?
Who was the opponent of the game before week 11 on October 31, 1976?
What is the highest attendance of the game on week 9?
When is the last episode air date for season 3?
Which season had its last episode air on March 11, 2001?
What games have more than 1 draw?
What game is the lowest with 1 draw and less than 7 points?
Manager of art griggs had what lowest year?
Manager of spencer abbott, and a Year of 1919 involves what playoffs?
Manager of marty berghammer / nick allen is what year?
Manager of lyman lamb / marty berghammer is in what league?
Manager of marty berghammer, and a Finish of 1st involved what lowest year?
Playoffs of league champs, and a Record of 77-63 is in what league?
Name the 2005 with 2007 of sf
Name the 2006 with 2008 of 1r and 2004 of 1r
Name the 2011 with 2002 of 1r and 2009 of a
Name the 1999 with 2011 of 2r
Name the 2008 with 1998 of a and 2002 of 1r with 2004 of 2r
Name the 2001 with 2007 of sf
Which school year was the Class AAA dalhart and the class AAAAA edinburg?
For what Class A is the school year 1987-88?
What is the Class AAAAA when the Class AAA is Gonzales?
Which team scored less than 35 points?
Which Position has a Team of criciúma, and a Drawn larger than 8?
Which Drawn has Points smaller than 46, and a Position smaller than 20, and a Lost smaller than 19, and an Against of 56?
Which Played has a Lost larger than 14, and a Drawn of 10, and Points larger than 46?
What score has devin brown (24) as the leading scorer?
Which height, in meters, has 36 floors?
Which Floors is the highest one that has a Name of one indiana square?
How tall is the Street address of 07.0 200 east washington street?
What was the date of the game where the indians record was 37-44?
What city is Garfield County Museum located in?
What is the museum name located in Rudyard?
What is the region that the Blaine County Museum is located in?
What Tournament had a Score of 6–3, 2–6, 6–3?
What Partner had a Score of 6–3, 2–6, 6–3?
Who were the Opponents in the match on a Hard Surface with Catherine Suire as Partner and Outcome of runner-up?
Who was the visiting team when the record was 6–12–5–1?
Who was the home team when the record was 21–45–8–5?
Which of the attributes has is cancelable and an answer of yes for bubbles?
Which bubbles has an atribute of onlostpointercapture?
For the attribute of onpointerout, what is the cancelable?
Which bubble have a cancelable of yes and an attribute of onpointerdown?
What's the highest grid of Ronnie Bremer, who had more than 18 points?
What are the most points Lap 70 had with a grid larger than 16?
What is the name of the track in Holland?
What is the track in Washington state?
What is the city the track of manzanita speedway is in?
What is the surface of the track at the indianapolis speedrome?
What is the surface for the riverhead raceway?
What city is the indianapolis speedrome in?
What is the IUPAC name for chloroform?
What is the SZDSZ percentage with an MSZP of 25% on 25/2/2009?
What percentage of others have an SZDSZ of 4% and a Fidesz of 60%?
What is the percentage of others with a Fidesz of 62% and a Jobbik of 4%?
On what date do others have 5% with an SZDSZ of 5%?
What is the SZDSZ percentage with a Jobbik of 5% and a Fidesz of 68%?
What is the Jobbik percentage with a Fidesz of 61% and others of 2%?
What's listed for the Turnout % with a Ngilu of 3,429?
What's listed for the Turnout % with a Raila of 519,180?
What's listed for the Turnout % with a Ngilu of 30,535?
What's listed for the Registered Voters with a Ngilu of 3,429?
What is listed for the Province with a Wamalwa of 4,431?
What's listed for the Wamalwa that has a Turnout % of 55.9%?
What were the average partial failures when the rocket was Ariane 5?
What are average launches with 0 failures, rocket of Soyuz, and less than 12 successes?
What is the sum of launches with Long March 3 and 0 failures?
What is the least amount of failures with 1 launch and 0 partial failures?
What were the average launches for Ariane 5 and 0 partial failures?
What was the race of the jockey in na group in 4th place?
How far did p. carbery run to get 2nd?
What is the Removal that has a Trim of xe (2009)?
What is the Torque that has a Power of hp (kw), and a Trim of xr (2009)? Question 6
Which Round is the lowest one that has a College/Junior/Club Team (League) of oshawa generals (oha), and a Player of bob kelly?
What surface was used when she played with Remi Tezuka?
What Results has the Record of 28-12?
What Results has a Seed #12 and a Year that's smaller than 1996
What's the highest Year with the Record of 18-12?
What's the highest Year with the Region of Southeast?
What Record has a Year that's larger than 2012?
What is the Laker's record when they played against Kansas City Kings?
Name the pronunciation for 傳
Name the pronunciation for meaning of king
Name the word with pronunciation b of *sɨks
Name the pronunciation for meaning b of border, frontier
Name the pronunciation b for meaning of grind
What is the 2008 value that was 2nd in 2006?
What is the average total that is 1st in 2010?
What is the 2008 value with a 7 in 2010?
What is the Location for the woodburn dragstrip?
What State has an Opened (closing date if defunct) that shows 1960?
What is the Location for the route 66 raceway?
What is the Location for the newington international airport?
What is the Name with an Opened (closing date if defunct) of 1995 and has a Length of miles (m), in Illinois?
What is the Score with an Opponent that is amanda brown brenda remilton?
What is the Score with an Outcome of runner-up, and a Partner that is elizabeth little?
Who was the pitcher on June 8, 1961?
What team had the record asscoiated with the 9th inning?
In what venue did the Boston Red Sox play in?
Who was the pitcher with the record recorded in the 7th inning?
When David E. Finley was the incumbent what was the result?
When someone was first elected in 1898 what was the result?
What party has an incumbent of Stanyarne Wilson?
When the incumbent was William Elliott, what was the result?
Score of 2-1, and a Competition of pl, and a Date of december 22, 2006 had what opponents?
Date of april 3, 2007 had what score?
Competition of pl, and a Score of 1-1, and a Opponents of kelantan had what date?
Venue of klfa stadium, cheras, and a Score of 3-3 had what competition?
Opponents of police, and a Venue of selayang municipal council stadium had what date?
Competition of fa cup rd 1 had what venue?
Who was the visiting team on January 27?
What is the home team that played on February 25?
Name the date with chicago visiting
Name the home with chicago visiting
What is the highest number of apps of the player with more than 63 goals and an avge of 0.45?
What is the total avge of John Hall, who has less than 63 goals?
When did Kim Thompson win with 278 score?
Where did Steve Gotsche win?
What is the sum of Rank with a build year earlier than 2007 for the howard johnson hotel bucharest?
What is the Height (m/ft) for bucharest Built in 2009, and a Rank of 13?
What city is the bucharest tower center (btc) located in?
What is the name of the building in Bucharest with a rank of less than 12?
What city was the building built in 1988?
What is the score of the Boston Bruins game from April 11?
What is the record of the Hartford Whalers home team with the April 13 game date?
What is the score of the visiting Hartford Whalers game from April 11?
Which Passengers have Carriers of air canada?
Which Metropolitan area has an Airport of toronto pearson international airport?
What is the link for january 31 – february 3, 2011?
On what date of polling was the Polling Firm forum research with 7 green and less than 30 liberals?
Which september 26–28, 2011 polling firm had a Link of html, less than 36 liberals,  and less than 8 green?
What june 21–22, 2011 polling has green smaller than 13?
What is listed under the Years as tallest, that has Floors of 31?
What's the lowest Floors with Feet that's larger htan 262, has a Name of Standard Bank Building, and Metres that's larger htan 138.8?
What is the sum of Metres wiht a Feet that's smaller than 196?
What is the highest weight of the position scrum half?
What is the power of the engine with a torque of n·m (lb·ft) at1,500rpm?
Which torque value is associated with the 1.3 16V multijet engine?
What is the lowest against value with less than 2 draws, 10 points, and less than 4 lost?
What is the average position with an against value less than 11?
What is the largest value for lost with a position greater than 10?
What is the total of all against values for the Corinthians with less than 3 lost?
What is the lowest against value with less than 9 points and more than 6 lost?
What tournament located is mississippi was nov 5
what is the 1st prize for may 21
Who is the director of the game with HIroshi Sato as the producer on the GBA platform?
Who is the director of Last Window: The Secret of Cape West 3?
What is the platform of the 2010 game with Shuichiro Nishiya as director?
Which Opponent is on October of 29?
WHich October has a Record of 1–0–0?
Which Opponent has a October larger than 20 with a Score of 2–2?
What year was the score 269?
What is the average number of points for a team in the 250cc class with fewer than 0 wins?
What is the smallest number of points for a 1981 team?
What is the fewest number of wins for a team ranked 8th with fewer than 32 points in the 350cc class?
What was the rank of the 1983 team in the 250cc class?
Which district has joseph t. johnson as an incumbent?
What was the result for james o'h. patterson when first elected in 1904?
Which party was re-elected in south carolina 5 district?
Which party was joseph t. johnson in?
Which party was first elected in 1898?
What is the average earnings made by Greg Norman?
what city has a game of friendly and an opponent of tunisia?
what are the results of the opponent of spain?
what results are dated december 19?
what city has the results of 4:2?
what type of game has the resuts of 1:0?
What is the average Games for 1965–1981, and a Ranking larger than 4?
What is the Years when games shows 550?
What is the Nationality that shows 4 as the ranking?
Which location has a copies per particle of 0 and a protein of nsp3?
How many copies per particle does the protein nsp2 have?
What is the highest RNA segment having a protein of vp2 and a base pair size over 2690?
What is the number of copies per particle having a nonstructural location, an RNA segment over 5 and a base pair size under 751?
Who won the bronze medal in Hiroshima?
Who won the silver medal in the games where Hong Chia-yuh took home bronze?
Where did Michael Eric Bibat win bronze?
Who won gold in the games where Pan Cheng-Tsung won silver?
How many Bronzes that has a Silver of 0, and a Gold of 0, and a Nation of denmark, and a Total larger than 1?
How many Bronzes that has a Nation of italy?
How many Silvers that has a Gold smaller than 1, and a Rank of 9, and a Total smaller than 1?
Which Bronze has a Nation of spain?
Who was the opponent at the competition held at Jeonju?
How many Januarys had records of 22-15-6?
what is the date of barbagallo raceway?
What city is the hidden valley raceway in?
What was the score in game 81?
What was the record after game 79?
Who was the home team on April 15?
What is the Pinyin for 依兰县?
What is the Pinyin for the item that has a density of 77?
What is the population for the area that has a Hanzi of 延寿县?
What is the population as of 11-01-2010 for Bayan County?
What is the Hanzi for píngfáng qū?
Which Slalom has an overall of 25 in the 2009 season?
Which combined score has an overall of 8?
Which Super Ghas a missed season due to injury?
Name the most events with cuts made more than 6 and top 25 more than 30
Name the top-10 with top-5 less than 1
Name the averae top 25 with events less than 0
Name the total number of top 10 with top 25 less than 2 and top 5 more than 0
In what Year is the Gauge 2 ft 6 in?
In what Year is the Works No. 2040-2049?
In what Year is the Works no. 2040-2049?
What is the Gauge of Builder Beyer, Peacock?
Which round has the record of 5-0?
Which method has the record of 11-1?
The UFC 44 event has what method?
Which event has 12-1 as a record?
What round was a loss with a record of 12-3?
The record of 11-1 used what method?
What surface was the match on November 6, 1982 played on?
What place did russia finish in?
What's the WChmp of the race greater than 42 and pole greater than 11?
If podiums are 26, what's the lowest WChmp?
If the class is total, what is the total number of podiums?
During race 14, what's the podiums?
What Call sign has a City of license of higgston, ga?
What City of license has a ERP W of 2,000?
What is the Class where City of license is lake oconee, ga?
What chassis has 2012 as the year?
What engine has a start less than 7, and 23 as a finish?
What is the average finish that has a start greater than 3, with honda as the engine, and 2011 as the year?
How many starts have a year prior to 2012, and team penske as the team, with a finish greater than 27?
What start has a year later than 2010, and chip ganassi racing as the team?
Who was the opponent at the Football League Trophy competition?
What was the opponent at the League Play Offs at home?
What venue held that game against the Queens Park Rangers?
Who was the opponent at the away game with a score of 5-4?
Who was the opponent at the League Cup competition with a score of 3-1?
Name the team classification for stage of 20
Name the winner with mountains classification of franco pellizotti and combativity award of martijn maaskant
Name the general classification with roman kreuziger and points classification of fabian cancellara
Name the combativity award with winner of luis león sánchez
What is the sum of numbers listed in 18-49 for the episode that aired on June 25, 2009 with an order larger than 29?
What is the total 18-49 for the episode that aired on July 2, 2009 with more than 3.5 viewers?
What is the average 18-49 for the episode that had an order number higher than 35 and less than 3.5 viewers?
What is the episode name that aired on July 23, 2009 with more than 3.31 viewers?
What year sold 1,695,900+ copies with an Oricon position larger than 1?
How many copies were sold where the position is lager than 1 in 1988?
What was the Winning Score on May 29, 1977?
On what Date was Patty Sheehan Runner(s)-up?
On what Date was Judy Rankin Runner(s)-up?
On what Date was the Winning score –8 (69-72-70-69=280)?
On what Date was Carole Charbonnier a Runner(s)-up with a 1 stroke Margin of victory?
What date did the team play home in Toronto?
How many people attended the game when Larry Hughes(33) was the leading scorer and cleveland was visiting?
When did they play Utah at home?
What opponent has balboa stadium as the opponent?
What is the highest attendance that has oakland raiders as the opponent, with a week greater than 9?
Where is the headquarter of the conglomerate industry?
What date was the game played at the venue of Hrazdan Stadium, Yerevan, Armenia?
Who was the bronze medal when the Asian Games were held in Busan?
Who won the gold when Kim Hyang-Mi won the bronze?
What was the earliest year that Park Jung-Ah won the gold?
Who won the bronze when the Asian Games were in Doha?
What was the Attendance on November 29, 1953?
Which NFL team picked Patrick Collins?
Which NFL team picked a player for the Wide Receiver position?
What result has a year after 2002?
What tournament has a year prior to 2001?
On what date does visiting team Minnesota score higher than 47 points?
What date does visitor team Toronto score less than 49 points and has record of 18-17-7?
What is the fleet number for the model of Gillig Phantom 3096TB?
What is the width for the year of the 1970?
Which year has a fleet number of 603?
What is the length of fleet number 501-506?
What is fleet number for the year of 19xx?
What is the fleet number of Model Orion 01.507?
What is the highest round of Ed Smith, who had a pick higher than 261 and played halfback?
What is the lowest round of Ed Smith, who had a pick lower than 19?
Which player had a round of 27?
What is the position of the player with a round less than 20 from the school/club Washington?
Location of hemisfair arena had what record?
Record of 20–4 involved what highest game?
Opponent of @ phoenix suns had what sum of game?
Score of 122–105 had what record?
In the final, who are the opponents of partner Simon Aspelin?
For the tournament played on 26 February 2006, what surface was used?
Which Date has a Record of 58–10?
Which Date has a Score of 106–112?
Who was second when Martynas Norkus was the skip?
Who was the second when Ilian Kirilov was the lead?
Who was the lead when Jamie Meikle was the skip?
Who was the lead when Ritvars Gulbis was the skip?
Who came in third in England?
In what nation did Darko Sovran place third?
What is the tournament with a w/o score on November 5, 2007?
What is the surface of eckental tournament with a w/o score?
What is the tournament with a hard surface and Ruben de Kleijn as the opponent?
What is the score of the tournament on November 5, 2007 with a carpet surface?
What is the surface of the tournament with Sascha Kloer as the opponent?
what team scored in gomel
What is the average conceded number of the team with a position lower than 8 and more than 2 wins?
What is the averaged scored number of team guaraní, which has less than 6 draws and less than 5 losses?
What is the total number scored of the team positioned lower than 10?
What is the lowest number of wins of the team with less than 24 scored, 27 conceded, and more than 18 played?
What is the lowest number of points of the team with 2 losses and a lower than 1 position?
What is the Intercontinental Cup 1993 result for a Supercopa Sudamericana 1993 result of round of 16?
What is the earliest game in November with more than 22 Games and Toronto Maple Leafs as the Opponent?
What is the family friendly status of the punk genre song from the 1970s?
Who is the artist of the rock song?
What is the highest number of bronze medals for nations with under 0 golds?
How many points did Stuart have when he had 0 extra points?
Who had the lowest field goals but had 10 points and more than 2 touchdowns?
How many points did Stuart have when he had less than 1 touchdown?
Who had a points average with 0 extra points and 0 field goals?
What was the result in the Golden Reel Awards?
Record of 16–29 is how many attendance?
Loss of peavy (4–3) is what score?
Score of 3–2, and a Opponent of reds had what sum of attendance?
Score of 6–4, and a Opponent of @ marlins had what record?
Which Cuts made has a Tournament of totals, and Wins smaller than 11?
Which Top-25 has a Top-5 smaller than 0?
Which Top-25 has a Top-5 larger than 9, and Wins smaller than 11?
Which Top-5 is the highest one that has Wins of 0, and Events larger than 6?
Which Top-5 is the lowest one that has Cuts made of 10, and Events larger than 10?
Which Events is the highest one that has a Top-10 larger than 7, and Wins smaller than 2?
When the surface is clay, and the tournament of barcelona what is the score?
What was the surface when the opponent was judith wiesner, and the outcome was winner?
What is the opponent for the tournament of rio de janeiro?
What is the opponent with the outcome of runner-up with a date of 19 september 1994?
What was the opponent for the tournament of taranto?
Who had the fastest lap where Joan Lascorz was the winner?
Who won the round in Europe?
How many games have a Score of 3–0, and a January larger than 12?
Which Opponent has a January larger than 8, and a Game smaller than 48, and a Score of 5–3?
Which Game is the highest that has a January of 28?
Which Score has a Game larger than 47, and a January smaller than 25?
What stroke has a max power of 109 ps(80kw)@4000 rpm?
The nissan primera p12 nissan almera n16 has what C.R.?
What displacement has the code yd22ddt?
What code has a C.R of 16.7:1?
What Outcome happened on a Date that was 20 november 2011?
Which Away team has a Score of 0–3?
Which Attendance has a Tie number of 5?
Which Score has an Attendance of 23 january 1999, and a Tie # of 6?
Which Tie #has an Attendance of 54,591?
Which Home team has a Score of 1–1, and an Away team of tottenham hotspur?
Which Attendance has a Tie # of 15?
In what Year was the Position 11th?
What was the name of the Competition in Rome, Italy?
What Notes after 1983 have a Position of 18th?
After 1983, what was the Position in Seoul, South Korea?
How many Gold medals for the country with a Rank of 1 and less than 2 Total medals?
How many Gold medals does the country with 2 Silver and more than 2 Bronze have?
What is the Age of dorothy Peel as of 1 February 2014 ?
Who is 111years, 358days Age as of 1 February 2014?
Which Capacity has a City of london, and a Stadium of queen's club?
Which Rank has a Name of thomas morgenstern, and Points larger than 368.9?
What is the lowest total for bronzes over 1, golds over 8, and fewer than 10 silvers?
What is the highest number of silvers for ranks over 7?
Who was the opponent when the record recorded was 64-78?
When the record was 67-82, what was the final score recorded?
Who was the opponent for the game played with 54,136 people in attendance?
Which position does bert coan play?
What is round 1's position?
Which Round is the highest one that has a Position of running back?
Which Position has a Pick smaller than 29, and a School/Club Team of arizona?
Which Round is the lowest one that has a School/Club Team of alabama, and a Pick larger than 43?
what is the venue of belshina
what is the venue of neman
what is the venue of neman
Name the total number of pick with round less than 6 and overall of 102
Which Outcome has a Score of 4–6 3–6?
Which Tournament has a Score of 3–6 6–4 4–6?
Which Date has a Score of 6–1 7–6 (8–6)?
Which Score has a Date of 26 september 2004?
Which Outcome has a Score of 3–6 2–6?
Which Surface has an Opponent in the final of daniella dominikovic?
What is the amount of time (sum) at 40° that it takes a 16 lb shell to reach a maximum of no more than 22,000 ft?
What is the average maximum height of a shell that travels for more than 16.3 seconds at 55° and has a maximum velocity of 2200 ft/s?
What is the maximum amount of time a shell travels at 55° when it traveled less than 9.6 seconds at 40°?
What is the weight of the shell that reached its maximum height at 40° in 12.6 seconds?
What is the average maximum height of the shell smaller than 12.5 lb that reached its maximum height at 25° in 10.1 seconds?
What is the highest attendance for the game that was before week 6 on October 22, 1967?
What is the state having a contestant with a talent of classical piano and a hometown from Lancaster, NY?
Whose talent was ballet en pointe?
What is the state represented by the contestant from Mesa, AZ?
What is the talent of the contestant from Lexington, SC?
What is the age of the contestant from Reno, NV?
Which writer wrote episode 18-09 (652)?
What episode was written by jonathan lewis?
What position does Maryland have a player for Round 3?
How many picks are there for defensive back for rounds larger than 11?
What is the highest game that has april 21 as the date?
What score has a game less than 4, and april 19 as the date?
What opponent has a game less than 6, and april 17 as the date?
What is the home team that played Derby County as the away team?
Which home team is ranked no. 7 by tie no.?
What is the score for the game in which Manchester United was the home team?
How many golds does the nation having a rank of 8, fewer than 5 bronzes and more than 1 silver have?
What nation was the film from that was in english and had a Literary tradition of canadian literature?
What is the literary traidtion for the film in english in 2011?
What country was the film made in that was made after 2011?
Which team has 48 rebounds?
What's the lowest amount of 12 games and less than 48 rebounds?
How many rebounds does Fedor likholitov have with a rank greater than 8?
Which game has more than 112 rebounds and a rank greater than 3?
What was the score in a place of t5 in the United States?
What was the score for a match where Sophie Gustafson played?
with games more than 22 what is the rebound total?
What is the location of the b.c. open?
What is the location of the tallahassee open, with a Score of 269 (–19)?
What date did Lanny Wadkins (6) win?
What is the Location for the buick-goodwrench open?
What is the Netflix episode that has a series episode of 6-02?
Which segment A item that has a Segment D of wigs?
Which series episode has a Netflix episode of S03E16?
Which Netflix episode has an overall episode number under 69 and a Segment D of S Trombone?
Which Species Specific has a Comparative of no, and an Intra-molecular structure of no, and a Link of sourcecode?
Which Intra-molecular structure has a Comparative of no, and a Name of mitarget?
Which Comparative has a Name of pictar?
Which Name has an Intra-molecular structure of no, and a Link of webserver, and a Comparative of no?
Which Comparative has a Link of sourcecode webserver?
Which Species Specific has a Link of server/sourcecode?
What is the 1st leg for Instituto?
What is the home of aggregate's 3-4?
What round did the fight against Sofia Bagherdai go to?
What was the method of fight completion for the Mars: Attack 1 event?
what had a score of 70-71-68-72=281?
what had a score like roberto devicenzo
What was the total number who attended during week 11?
What was the total number of weeks with a result of l 31-21?
Which 2003 has a 2012 of 1–4?
Which 2007 has a 2008 of 0 / 4?
Which 2007 has a 2003 of 2r, and a 2004 of 1r?
Which 2010 has a 2009 of 0 / 4?
Which 2011 has a 1999 of A, and a 2004 of 2r, and a Career SR of 0 / 10?
Which 2005 has a 1999 of 0–0?
what is the date of week 7
Who was the visitor in the game that led to a 39-20-6 record?
What was the date of the game that led to a 48-21-6 record?
Name the average attendance from june 11
What is south africa's margin of victory?
Which Score has a Year larger than 1980, and a Margin of victory of 2 strokes, and a Country of united states, and a Player of jim furyk?
What year was the Beaudesert suburb club founded
What year did the Nerang Suburb get founded?
Who was the opponent when the Phillies played on April 28?
What is the run rate for rank 4?
Chinese title of 反正 卓文萱 had what released?
Album # of 5th is what chinese title?
Album # of 1st was released on what date?
Album # of 3rd is what chinese title?
English title of oxygenie of happiness has what release date?
Which Score has a Home of quebec nordiques on april 16?
WHich Record has a Visitor of quebec nordiques with a Score of 7–5?
Who is the Visitor on april 8?
When has Score of 4–5 and quebec nordiques as Visitor?
WHo is the Visitor on april 14?
Which Record has a Visitor of quebec nordiques with a Score of 4–5?
What's the highest December against the Pittsburgh Penguins in a game larger than 27, with less than 41 points?
What's the score for December of 30?
What is the average number of games associated with 6 points and under 2 losses?
What is the low point total when there are over 5 games?
What was the share of votes when there were more than 56 electors and the year was more recent than 1950?
What is the total of electors when the share of votes was 11,0%?
Which Lost has Games larger than 7?
Which Points have a Lost smaller than 1, and Games larger than 7?
Which Lost has Points larger than 13?
Which Points have a Drawn larger than 1?
Which Diameter has a Year of Issue of 1977?
Which Year of Issue has a Thickness of 1.42mm?
Which Diameter has a Thickness of 1.3mm?
Which party's candidate is Grech Louis Grech?
What is the sport played in Iowa City on February 14, 2009?
What is the series of the winning team in Iowa, for softball?
What is the score of the match that was against alberto berasategui?
How many rebounds does Ann Wauters have?
Who played 10 games?
What is the total number of rebounds values for Ann Wauters?
Who did the Colts play against on September 25, 1966?
What is the date of the game with 40,005 in attendance?
What is the lowest week number for the game that was at milwaukee county stadium?
After week 11, what was the Result on December 13, 1964?
After week 8, what was the Attendance on November 1, 1964?
What is the alternate of the nation with Piotras Gerasimovici as the second?
What is the alternate of the nation with hubert gründhammer as the second?
What is the alternate of the nation with Erkki Lill as the skip?
Who is the skip of the nation with Laurens van der Windt as the alternate?
Who is the lead of the nation with Juha Pekaristo as the alternate?
What is the highest round in which a player was picked for the Center position?
What is John Flatters' nationality?
What is Jeremy Duchesne's position?
When was the attendance 1,034?
what was the opponent on 26 october 1889?
1950 larger than 80, and a 1960 of 196, and a 1990 larger than 131 what is the lowest 1996[2]?
1960 larger than 196, and a 1996[2] smaller than 726, and a 1980 larger than 125, and a 1990 larger than 848, what is the highest 1950?
1980 smaller than 719, and a 1960 smaller than 205, and a 1996[2] smaller than 364, and a 1970 larger than 251 is what 1990 highest?
1996[2] larger than 68, and a 1990 smaller than 352, and a 1970 larger than 105, and a 1950 of 119 is the sum of what 1980?
1996[2] of 127, and a 1990 smaller than 120 is the sum of 1990?
Who was the opponent at the game with a result of w 14–6?
What was the result of the game with a record of 2–3–2 before week 8?
What was the earliest week with a game at the Braves Field on October 2, 1932?
What was the record at the game on November 13, 1932?
What role is Kevin Bishop the actor?
What is the duration for mike walling as the actor?
What is the duration that has 3 for appearances, and james garret as the character?
What is the duration for nickolas grace as the actor?
Time ( ET ) of 1:00pm, and a Result of w 34–14 has what record?
Date of sun. oct. 1 has what location?
Record of 3–3 has what result?
Date of sun. oct. 29 has what time (et)?
How many games have more than 10 points and more than 2 draws?
What is the sum of losses that have points of 11 and more than 1 draw?
What is the greatest points value that have draws under 2 and 2 losses?
How many losses have draw values under 1?
What's the lowest February for less than 57 points?
What's the February for the game against the Montreal Canadiens?
What's the record for Game 58?
Which Winner has a Season of 2005–06?
Which Runner-up played in the Season of 2000–01?
What was the venue during the Season of 2010–11?
Which Winner has a Runner-up of larne, and a Season of 2003–04?
Which Winner has a Score of 1 – 0, and a Season of 2011–12?
What position does Martin Rucker play?
What was the lowest round for Paul Hubbard?
What was the lowest round for a tight end position?
What years did the person coach who had more than 31 ties?
What is the average number of wins for the person who coached from 1951 to 1956 and had less than 174 losses and less than 6 ties?
Who was the coach who had 215 losses?
What years did the person coach who had more than 1 tie, mess than 311 wins and 174 losses?
What years did the person coach who had less than 82 wins and more than 24 losses?
Which Points have a Game larger than 25, and an Opponent of dallas stars?
Which Record has a December smaller than 28, and Points smaller than 38, and a Game smaller than 26, and a Score of 0–1 ot?
Which Opponent has a Game of 31?
Which Record has Points smaller than 40, and a Game larger than 25, and a Score of 2–0?
Episode of 9 in which performer 3 had?
Date of 8 july 1994 involves which performer 1?
Date of 15 july 1994 involves which performer 3?
Performer 2 of chip esten has what performer 3?
Which Name has a Pennant number of f82?
What is the Launched which is on 3 may 2001?
What is the Homeport that has a Laid down on 14 december 1985?
What kind of Launched has a Homeport (as of July 2013) of sold to chile, and a Pennant number of f80?
Which player had more than 25 events?
What amount of prize money was there when the rank was less than 7, there were more than 6 events, and the country was Fiji?
What is the least amount of prize money when there are 21 events?
Which series episode has a netflix figure of s04e21?
Which segment a's netflix figure is s04e24?
How many episodes have a segment d that is goalie masks (part 2)?
Which episode's segment b is s hacksaw?
When was Lachlan Dale born?
Which batter played P and was born 18 April 1984?
Which Surname has Bats of r, and a Position of p, and a DOB of 20 may 1989?
Which Position has Throws of r, and a DOB of 12 february 1983?
How many throws did Needle have?
Which DOB has Bats of s, and a Position of inf?
What is the Lap Length of the race with a Grand Prix Fia Category?
What is the Race on July 30, 1950 with a Formula 2 Fia, non-championship?
What was his record when the match went for 3:05?
How many rounds did the match go for the Bellator 72 event?
What is the sum of the live viewers for episodes with share over 5?
Which Callsign includes a frequency under 1210, Newsradio 740 KTRH, and webcasts with listen live?
Which website includes a webcast of listen live, a frequency under 1050, and is licensed in the city of Monterrey?
The KTRH.com website includes which type of webcast?
Which website includes a webcast of listen live, a frequency under 680, and was licensed in the city of San Antonio.
Which long range AM station has the lowest frequency and includes a webcast of listen live, was licensed in the city of Monterrey, and uses the Callsign of xet?
Which Games is the highest one that has a Drawn smaller than 0?
What is the score for game 6?
Which Capacity has a Location of mogilev?
What was the District of California 2 result?
What was the district Incumbent Julius Kahn was in that was smaller than 1906?
What was the lowest re-elected result for Sylvester C. Smith?
What was the result for Julius Kahn's first election of 1898?
Which party had a result of retired democratic hold and a first elected earlier than 1884 with an incumbent of samuel dibble?
Which district had a first elected in 1882 with a result of re-elected?
Which Average is the lowest one that has a Total smaller than 134, and a Number of dances smaller than 3, and a Rank by average smaller than 12?
Which Couple has a Rank by average larger than 3, and an Average larger than 16.5, and a Total smaller than 195, and a Number of dances larger than 3?
Which Rank by average is the lowest one that has a Total of 425, and a Place larger than 1?
What nation are carolina hermann / daniel hermann from?
What is the rank associated with 141.48 points?
What competitors are scored 124.51 points?
At what percent was Pat Robertson when George H.W. Bush had 76%?
When George H.W. Bush had 81%, and Pat Robertson had 9%, what did Bob Dole have?
When Pat Robertson was at 16%, what did Pete du Pont have?
When Bob Dole had 26%, and George H.W. Bush had 47%, what did Pat Robertson have?
When Bob Dole had 26%, and Pete du Pont had 0%, what did Pat Robertson have?
When Pat Robertson had 19%, and Bob Dole had 26%, what did George H.W. Bush have?
Date of october 10, 1965 had what lowest attendance?
Opponent of chicago bears involved what date?
Performer 2 of compilation 2 is what performer 1?
Performer 1 of greg proops, and a Date of 25 august 1995 is what performer 4?
Performer 1 of greg proops, and a Performer 3 of ryan stiles, and a Date of 25 august 1995 is which average episode?
Performer 1 of Stephen Frost, and a Performer 2 of Josie Lawrence, and a Date of 15 September 1995 is what performer 3?
WHich Mountains classification has an Asian team classification of seoul cycling team, and a Winner of alexandre usov?
WHo is the Asian rider classification that has ruslan ivanov on the Stage of 9?
WHich General classification has an Asian rider classification of shinichi fukushima, and a Winner of jeremy hunt?
Which Stage has a Mountains classification of filippo savini?
Which Stage has a Winner of jeremy hunt?
Which winning team has Iowa city as the site, and december 3, 2006 as the date?
What site has november 30, 2006 as the date?
What winning team has volleyball as the sport?
What is the total number in January when the St. Louis Blues had a game smaller than 42?
What is the January sum with the record of 17-20-2 with a game smaller than 39?
What was the record when the New York Knicks played at the Boston Garden?
When the record was 7-2, what was the score for the game?
On what date was the record 4-2?
Which Females Rank is the highest one that has Females (%) larger than 53, and an HIV awareness (males%) smaller than 89, and a State of odisha?
How many Females (%) have Females Rank smaller than 21, and a State of kerala, and Males Rank larger than 1?
How many Females (%) have a State of karnataka, and Males Rank larger than 16?
Which Males Rank is the highest one that has Females (%) smaller than 40, and Females Rank smaller than 22?
Which Females (%) has an HIV awareness (males%) larger than 92, and Females Rank larger than 2, and Males Rank smaller than 3?
League Cup smaller than 0 is what sum of the total?
Championship larger than 3, and a FA Cup smaller than 3, and a Total smaller than 6 involves what highest league cup?
Which Opponent has a Surface of hard on 28 august 1993?
WHICH Outcome IS ON 18 july 1993?
WHICH Outcome has aN Opponent of pascale paradis-mangon?
Which Score has aN Outcome of winner on 4 november 1990?
Which Tournament has an Opponent of susan sloane?
Which Tournament has an Opponent of meike babel?
Which Game has a November of 29?
Which Points have a Record of 12–2–4–1, and a November larger than 22?
Which Record has a Game of 19?
How many Novembers have a Game larger than 14, and an Opponent of minnesota wild?
Which November is the lowest one that has a Record of 12–2–4–1?
What day has a record of 25–30–13 and less than 63 points?
Which opponent has 63 points?
Which Alpha contains ia64 with discontinued 3.5-3.8 4.1-4.7?
Which s390x contains a yes ia64 and a no for alpha?
Which hppa contains a ppc64 of yes 3+, no for mips and no for alpha?
Which 1991 has an A 1993 ?
Which 992 has a  1–2 of 1989 ?
WHICH 1990 has a 1993 of 1r?
Which 1994 has a 1998 of 0–1?
Which 1995 has a 1993 of 3r?
Which 1992 has a 1996 of sf and a 1993 of a?
Which school picked a back in round 16, after pick 89?
Who was the visitor in the game that had Ottawa as the home team?
What was the score in the game where Carolina was the home team and Niittymaki received the decision?
What was the date of the game that had a loss of Johnson (9-8)?
Who had a Run 1 smaller than 51.96, a Run 2 larger than 51.13, and a Run 3 of 52.53?
Who had a run 2 of 50.67?
What was john farrow's run 2 associated with a run 1 of greater than 52.25?
What was the Score in the game against the Buffalo Sabres?
Rank smaller than 4, and a Name of dalma iványi involved which lowest game?
Name of sue bird that involves what team?
Which episode was directed by Bob Anderson with a production code of KABF16 and a season before than 25?
Who was the director of the episode with a season after 8 and an episode of XVI?
Date of 7 september 1996 includes which highest rank athlete?
Time of 10.82 has what location?
Date of 10 july 2009 includes what athlete?
Rank smaller than 5, and a Time larger than 10.7, and a Date of 10 july 2009 has what location?
Faith of rc, and a Opened larger than 1966 which has the highest DCSF number?
Faith of –, and a Name of greenway has what type?
Who was the opponent that played at Launceston Cricket Club Ground, launceston during the season of 1853/54?
What was the rank of the team during season 2006/07?
What was the venue where there were 55 runs?
What was the venue where there were 62 runs?
Which driver had an accident and laps smaller than 53?
What language has a publication range from 1955–1999?
What is the status for a journal with the ISSN of 0149-1830?
What is the language with a France publication range of 1992–2003?
What is the ISSN number of a publication range of 1984-?
What is the language for a journal that has a frequency of 3 times per year and has an ISSN number of 1136-7385?
What is the region 4 release that has july 20, 2009 as the region 2?
What is the region 1 release that has july 20, 2009 as the region 2?
What is the average episode that has September 11, 2007 as a region 1?
What is the scheduled value for the farm having a capacity under 32.5MW, type of Nordex n90 2.5MW, and a farm of Glenough Extension?
What is the type of turbine having fewer than 17 units and located in County Laois?
When is the scheduled date for the farm having 17 turbines?
What is the average capacity for the farm at Gortahile having more than 8 turbines?
What is the title of the king who left office in 982 and entered office in 949?
When did the king who entered office in 1012 leave office?
What are the family relations of the king with the throne name 303?
What is teh born-died dates of the king with a throne name 315 and left office in 1021?
Which Opponents have a Partner of irina-camelia begu, and a Surface of hard?
Which Surface has a Partner of galina voskoboeva?
Which Opponents have a Surface of hard, and an Outcome of runner-up, and a Partner of jarmila gajdošová?
Which Partner has a Date of 12 july 2009?
Which Surface has a Partner of sorana cîrstea?
Name the least overall with pick number more than 27
what's the first leg with gran canaria as team #2?
with team #1 as lukoil academic what is team #2?
with team #2 as akasvayu girona what is team #1?
Which virtue is acedia(Latin)?
Which Virtue has a (vice) of lust?
Which virtue is Invidia(Latin)?
What's the gloss with Castitas(Latin)?
What is the Diligence Virtues Gloss?
What is the Virtue of Temperance in Latin?
In what year(s) did South Korea win silver?
Which nation(s) won silver in Doha?
What was the first year that South Korea won gold and Malaysia won bronze?
What country won gold in the year(s) that Chinese Taipei won bronze?
Which European competitions have a Pos of 6?
Which Pos has a Dutch Cup of winner, and a Tier larger than 1?
What is the average Frequency MHz that is on farwell, texas?
WHich City of license has a FCC info of fcc, and 10,000 horizontal 3,000 vertical ERP W
WHich FCC info has 3,000 ERP W?
What's the average game against the New Jersey Devils with 19 points?
Opponent of at boston patriots, and a Week larger than 3 had what average attendance?
Name the average fall 07 for fall 07 more than 219
Name the player for fc dallas pick number less than 3
Name the most pick number for real salt lake and affiliation of ucla los angeles storm
Name the player with pick number of 7
Which Game has a March smaller than 12, and a Score of 10–1?
Which Score has Points of 88, and a Record of 38–22–12?
Which Game has an Opponent of detroit red wings, and a March smaller than 12?
Which Points have a Game smaller than 70, and a Score of 4–8?
Which segment a's Netflix is S05E22?
Which series episode has a segment c that is Electric pole s transformer?
What largest episode number's Netflix is S05E23?
Which segment c's segment b is refrigerators?
Which races did they accumulate at least 125 points?
Which Series has a Score of 3 – 8?
Which Date has a Decision of myre?
How many Attendances on may 24?
Which Series are on may 18?
How many Attendances that has a Visitor of philadelphia on may 20?
who is the Visitor that has a Series of series tied 2–2?
How many Attendances have a Score of 4 – 5? Question 4
WHo has a Home of philadelphia and a Series of flyers lead 1–0?
What is the class of the Charlotte Camel gt 500 race?
What is the race 12 hours in length?
What is the class of the Coca-cola classic 12 hours of sebring race?
What is the class of the Budweiser Grand Prix of Miami race with a length of 3 hours?
What is the date of the Paul Revere 250 race in the Daytona International Speedway circuit?
What race is 12 hours in length?
What is the highest round for the pick from Finland?
What is the total number of rounds that Joe Barnes was picked?
What was the order of the Tokyo olympic games?
What was the 15th club in 2012?
What medal did Michael Conlon, with a weight of fly, win?
How many losses have more than 45,036 attendance?
on april 29, what was the attendance?
on april 9 what was the attendance?
What date has postponed (rain) rescheduled for august 7 as the score?
Failures larger than 0, and a Successes of 1 has what lowest partial failures?
Successes smaller than 6, and Launches larger than 1, and a Failures of 2 is what sum of the partial failures?
Who was the opposing team during a game in the Pontiac Silverdome?
What was the final score for the January 23 game?
What is the highest Feb value having an opponent of the Philadelphia Flyers and is after game 63?
Who was the opponent in games over 58, after Feb 16, and having a record of 40-20-4?
Which Year has a Genre of rock (track)?
Which Year Inducted is the highest one that has a Year smaller than 1965?
Which Overall is the highest one that has a Pick # smaller than 9, and a Name of mike pearson?
Which Round is the lowest one that has a Position of wide receiver, and an Overall smaller than 222?
What was the Record on September 21?
What was the record the day David Weathers (15) had a save?
Who had a save on September 2?
What was the loss on September 2?
What is the total number of byes that are associated with 1 draw, 5 wins, and fewer than 12 losses?
What is the total number of byes associated with fewer than 8 wins and fewer than 1 draw?
What is the NTFA Div 1 team that has 15 wins and less than 1 draw?
What is the average number of losses for teams with 0 draws and 0 byes?
What is the most number of losses for teams with 5 wins and an against value under 1607?
Race that has a Podium larger than 1, and a Season of 1982, and a flap smaller than 1 had how many number of races?
Pole smaller than 0 had what lowest podium?
Flap of 0, and a Race smaller than 2, and a Season of 1989, and a Pole smaller than 0 had what average podium?
What was the record on august 24?
Elevation of 11,158 feet 3401 m had what route?
Route larger than 24, and a Highway of trail ridge road had what elevation?
Elevation of 12,183 feet 3713 m is what average route?
What Opponent has a Results¹ of 1:3?
On what Date was the Results¹ 1:2?
What City had Results¹ of 1:2?
On what Date was Wales the Opponent?
In what City was Bulgaria the Opponent with Results¹ of 1:0?
What Vancouver canucks game was on a date closest to November 4?
Name the year for jerry sichting
Name the studio host for glenn ordway and jerry sichting with year of 1993-94
Name the flagship station for cedric maxwell and year of 1995-96
Who was the architect of the 10 floor building with a height of 42 M?
What is the height of the building built by architects Ross and Macfarlane?
Who was the architect that built the Electric Railway Chambers before 1915?
What is the Time on july 18 that has a Loss of lilly (3-3)?
Which Opponent has a Record of 43-56?
What is the Score on July 18 that has Record of 41-51?
Which Record is on july 31?
Which Opponent has a Loss of weaver (9-9)?
Which Season was the Poles greater than 14?
Which is the highest Season with a Percentage of 67% and Alberto Ascari as a Driver?
Name the Driver that has Races greater than 16?
What is the average Long that has a GP-GS less than 14, a AVg/G less than 0.8 and a Gain less than 3 and a Loss greater than 8?
What is the lowest Avg/G with a Long less than 0?
What is the amount of Avg/G with a Name of blaine gabbert and a Long greater than 30?
What is the total number of Long with a Av/g of 124.9 but Loss greater than 0?
What date has parlophone as the label, and lp as a format?
What school has oregon as the state, and ashland as the city?
What conference has mayville state as the school?
What school has belleville as the city?
What city has trojans as the team, and taylor as the school?
What team has great plains as the conference, and concordia (ne) as the school?
What school is in hillsboro city?
How many games have a February larger than 11, and a Record of 23-7-8?
How much February has a Game larger than 37, and an Opponent of chicago black hawks?
Which February has a Game of 40?
Which Record has a February smaller than 8, and an Opponent of montreal canadiens?
Which Score has a Game larger than 40, and a Record of 25-10-8?
What was the team performance in 1977?
What was the position of the player whose team lost super bowl xxv before 1992, with a team defense rank larger than 3?
What round was Joe Patton selected with a pick over 68?
Which Sail number has a Position smaller than 2?
WHICH State/country that has ray roberts?
What surface did Smeets play on during the Kuwait tournament?
What tournament did Smeets play against Mark nielsen?
Who was the opponent during the tournament in Kuwait?
What is the weight of the player from the vk primorac kotor club?
What is the weight of the player from pvk jadran club?
What is the name of the player from club pro recco?
What is the height of the player from club vk primorac kotor who plays gk?
What is Team 1 where Team 2 is gombe united f.c.?
What is Team 1 where Team 2 is al tahrir?
What is the 2nd leg where Team 2 is fc 105 libreville?
What was the course called that had an Edition of 117th?
What was the earliest year that had a location of Brookline, Massachusetts?
What year had an edition of 115th?
How many points did ginger have when she was ranked 5th on a 350cc class bike?
What year was she ranked 16th with over 12 points?
What year was she on a 350cc class bike, ranked 16th, with over 0 wins?
How many points did she have with team bultaco, ranked 6th?
What is the Kashmiri word for the Indonesian word senin?
What is the Turkish word for the Bangla word shombar সোমবার?
What is the Pashto word for the Somali word talaado?
What is the Punjabi (Pakistan) word for the Kurdish word یـــەک شـەمـمـە yak sham?
What is the Maltese word for the Malay word rabu?
What is the Pashto word for the Malayalam word വ്യാഴം vyazham?
Which Score has a Date of june 22?
How much Attendance has an Opponent of rockies, and a Record of 32-30?
Who was the opponent in which the bout ended in round 2?
What was the method of the bout lasting 4:15?
What was the record after the bout lasting 4:15?
How many Pick has a Round smaller than 13, and a Position of fullback?
WHo has a Position of end and a School/Club Team of oregon state?
Which Round has a Player of brunel christensen and a Pick smaller than 293?
What score was on July 25?
Which rule has The Event of n/a, The Result of loss, and The Location of winsford england?
Which Opponent has a Round of 4, and a Rules of thai boxing?
Which Opponent has a Round of 3, a Time of n/a, and a Rules of n/a?
Where has a Rules of thai boxing, and a Round of n/a, and an Opponent of everton crawford?
WHich Rules has a Method of ko (punch)?
What torque does a 1905 cc capacity have?
What torque does 1.9 diesel with 1905 cc have?
What torque does daewoo have?
Score of 3–4, and a Attendance larger than 34,609 happened on what date?
Record of 12–15 happened on what date?
Date of april 9 had what score?
Record of 11–12 involved what average attendance figures?
What predecessor has a district less than 11, 68th as the Congress, and may 1, 1923 as the date?
What Hyper Transport version has 22.4 gb/s of Max. Aggregate bandwidth?
What is the Max Aggregate bandwidth with a HyperTransport of 2?
Who was the opposing team during the game in Zagreb?
The record of 35-31 has what score?
Which Manufacturer has 1 lap and had an accident?
Which rider has a Manufacturer of honda with a time of +44.814?
How many grids have a time of +1:21.239 and more than 25 laps?
What is the average episode number on 19 March 1993 with Jim Sweeney as performer 1?
Who is performer 2 of the episode on 9 April 1993 with Josie Lawrence as performer 4?
What is the date of the episode with Ryan Stiles as performer 2, Colin Mochrie as performer 3, and Tony Slattery as performer 4?
Who is performer 4 on episode 3, where Jim Sweeney was performer 1?
What is the episode number where Jim Sweeney was performer 1 and Mike Mcshane was performer 4?
Which Wrestler has an Entered of 5, and a Pinned of mvp?
What route with the line color brown has the lowest number of stations served?
Which Round is the highest one that has a College/Junior/Club Team (League) of torpedo yaroslavl (rus)?
Which Round has a Player of todd fedoruk?
How much Grid has a Time/Retired of +1 lap, and a Driver of sébastien bourdais, and Laps larger than 70?
How many Laps have a Driver of david coulthard, and a Grid smaller than 14?
How many Laps have a Grid of 15?
Which Catalogno was #160 us?
What title was released in 1971?
Whati s the format for the catalogno of st 491?
What year was remark #104 us?
What title had a remark of #21 us [riaa certified gold january 3, 1990]?
What catalogno was in 1971 and had a remark of #27 us?
what AAAAA class has the school year of 1990-91?
what AAA class has a school year of 1989-90?
what AA class has a AAA class of commerce?
What is the average week for the game against baltimore colts with less than 41,062 in attendance?
What was the average week for the gaime against the philadelphia eagles with less than 31,066 in attendance?
What is the highest attendance for the game after week 1 on November 12, 1961?
What was the result of the game on week 4?
What is the lowest Round of joe patterson?
Which School/Club Team has a Round larger than 16?
What is listed as the highest Points that's got a Position that's smaller than 1?
What is the Draws average that has a Played that's smaller than 18?
What is the lowest Wins that has the Team of Olimpia and Draws that's smaller than 4?
What is the highest Played that's for the Team of Cerro Porteño, with a Position that's larger than 1?
Which tournament included an opponent of Marinko Matosevic?
Who was the opponent when the score was 6-3, 6-3?
Can you tell me the Record that has the Home of ny islanders?
Can you tell me the Record that has the Date of december 15?
Can you tell me the Record that has the Home of detroit, and the Visitor of phoenix?
Can you tell me the Date that has the Visitor of florida?
Which position had f/laps that was test driver?
Which poles were there for the 8th position?
What race was there in the formula one series when there was a test driver?
Which Extra points 1 point has a Total Points smaller than 30, and Touchdowns (5 points) of 5?
How many Touchdowns (5 points) have an Extra points 1 point of 0, and a Field goals (5 points) larger than 0?
Which Extra points 1 point is the highest one that has a Total Points smaller than 8?
Which Extra points 1 point is the lowest one that has a Player of walter shaw?
How many Field goals (5 points) have a Total Points of 123, and Touchdowns (5 points) larger than 13?
How many people attended the game with parent recording the decision and a Record of 42–18–10?
What is the team's record when vancouver was at home?
Name the opponent on november 22, 1942
What score did the Green Bay Packers get as visitor?
On October 31 what team played at home?
On December 5 what team played their home game?
How many people attended the game on October 31?
What nationality is Rob Nicholson?
What college or club team did Steve Jones play for?
What nationality is Barry Duench?
What was Saskatoon Accelerators score on January 6, 2008?
What was the score on April 6, 2008?
Which home team played on April 5, 2008?
Which home team played on January 5, 2008?
What was the score at CN Centre on April 5, 2008?
What was the score for Edmonton Drillers on January 6, 2008?
How much Silver has a Nation of mexico, and a Total larger than 1?
How much Bronze has a Gold larger than 0, and a Total smaller than 1?
How much Bronze has a Nation of mexico, and a Total larger than 1?
In which District(s) has a Democrat held office since 1998?
Which Rank is the Country of soviet union with a Total smaller than 19?
What is the lowest Rank of Denmark County with a Total smaller than 1?
Who was the loser of the heavyweight division fight that lasted a time of 2:24?
What was the weight division for the fight that ended in a TKO (strikes)?
Who was the loser of the fight against antonio silva?
What was the average number of rounds in the fight where Tank Abbott lost?
In what Round was a Defensive Tackle Pick # less than 19?
What is the Pick # with an Overall of 19?
What is the event result for athlete Ali Ekranpour?
What is the final result for the 63.5 kg?
What was the date of the tournament in Scotland with a score of 270 (–18)?
Where was the tournament won by Hale Irwin (19)?
How much is vinculum when the parentheses are 0.(81)?
What fraction has a value for dots of 0.\dot{3}?
What is the dot value when the ellipsis is 0.012345679…?
What fraction has parentheses of 0.(3)?
What is the value for parentheses with a dots value of 0.\dot{6}?
What is the value of vinculum for parentheses of 0.(6)?
When was the score 7-1?
What was the loss when the score was 7-1?
What was the loss when the record was 46-59?
Opponent of @ giants, and a Record of 8–12 had what score?
Score of 4–0 had what attendance number?
What was the losing bonus for the team with a try bonus of 3 and 47 tries for?
How many tries for does the team with 263 points against have?
How many draws does the team with 385 points for have?
What is the number of losses for the team with 1 draw and 34 tries against?
How many tries for does the team with a try bonus of 1 and 35 points earned?
How many points does the team with 3 losses have?
What was the score in the game where the record was 10-9-7?
What was the first time in December they played the Colorado Avalanche?
What date was the winner the new york jets and a Result of 30–28?
What is the name of the location of the game with a Result of 21–16?
What is the earliest year the new york jets won at harvard stadium?
Who lost at schaefer stadium when the Winner was new england patriots, and a Date of october 18?
How many points did the club with a losing bonus of 2 and 300 points against have?
How many tries for did the club with a 3 losing bonus and 45 points have?
What is the try bonus of the club with played?
How many points against did the club with points have?
What is the drawn by the club with 542 points against?
How many losses did the club with 22 played and 334 points against have?
What attendance does 1-6 record have?
What is the record of Tampa Bay Buccaneers?
What Nationality has a Position of right wing, with a #20 pick?
What College/junior/club team has a Position of centre, and pick is #22?
What is the NHL team that had pick number 32?
What is the Pick # for the College/junior/club team of edmonton oil kings (wchl), and the position if defence?
What is the name of the Player that shows the NHL team of new york rangers, and a Pick # of 31?
Which sum of Seasons in league has a Best Position of 5th (2007)?
Which City has Seasons in league of 17, and a Club of shakhter?
What team won after 2008?
What team has fewer than 203 points?
What is total amount of points for the 2007 season?
Who is the driver for team Collé Racing with more than 206 points?
What was the result when the couple was steve & anna?
What was the score when the couple was shannon & derek?
What music did Mario & Karina perform?
What was the result for Steve & Anna when the score was 21 (7, 7, 7)?
What was the result when the score was 21 (7, 6, 8)?
Which Points have a Score of 3–3, and a Date of november 11?
Which Date has a Home of pittsburgh, and a Record of 3–6–5?
Which Record has a Score of 4–4, and Points of 17?
What's the highest Loses, with Wins that's larger than 3 and a Pos. Larger than 3?
Which Rank has a Bronze larger than 1, and a Silver larger than 0, and a Nation of norway (host nation), and a Total larger than 16?
Which Bronze has a Total of 11, and a Silver smaller than 6?
Which Bronze has a Nation of canada, and a Rank smaller than 6?
Which Gold has a Bronze larger than 6?
Which Gold has a Rank larger than 6, and a Nation of netherlands, and a Bronze smaller than 0?
What is the torque of the 1.6 petrol with daewoo power?
What is the torque of 1.2 petrol?
What is the power of 1.9 diesel?
What is the current map designation of the feature for which derain crater was the namesake?
What is the Albedo name for Neruda?
What number is Kuiper?
What is the current map designation of the feature which was named for discovery rupes?
What is the current map designation for Debussy?
What is the current map designation for Beethoven?
What is the overall FHT points for Denis Kornilov?
What is the lowest 2nd (m) when the points were larger than 251.6?
What city ranked 7?
How many floors were there with a building rank of less than 3 and a height of 300 / 985 m (ft)?
What is the rank of Etihad Tower 5, with less than 62 floors?
What city has a building ranked greater than 15 with floors greater than 43?
Which league is for baseball with Laredo Apaches?
Which league has arena football in the club Laredo Lobos?
Which was the home team for game 3?
What was the TV time for Chicago's road game against Phoenix on June 18?
What was the TV time for the road game against Phoenix where the score was 98-99?
Who was the home team on June 9?
What was the TV time for the game on June 9?
At which Conference was the Division in the East, and the Home Stadium named fedexfield?
What is the name of the Home Stadium in which the Division is in the south, and Conference is national, as well as being in the city named charlotte, North Carolina?
Which Home Stadium has American as its Conference as well as nashville, tennessee as the city?
What is the name of the Conference which Division is south, and the Home Stadium is georgia dome?
Which Division does the City being jacksonville, florida belong to?
What score has 1/22 as the date?
What score has 12/1 as the date?
Which source has a Cost free, and an Activity of some, and an Editor of markitup?
Which site has a Cost free and a Editor of jsvi?
What is the cost of an Open Source that is no?
What venue has a weight (kg) greater than 55, and won as the result?
Which group has a weight (kg) less than 55?
Which position has 45 picks?
What is the record of the game before week 5 and a bye game site?
Which Seasons have Entries larger than 52, and Poles of 33?
Which Seasons have a Poles larger than 29, and Entries larger than 191?
What ist the Away Leg with an Opposition that is aarhus gymnastik forening?
What 2007 has 236 for 2006?
What 2011 has 2r as 2010, and a 2008 of A?
What is the 2012 that has tournament played as the tournament?
Which artist had a place larger than 1 with 229 points?
Which January is the lowest one that has an Opponent of florida panthers, and Points smaller than 59?
Which Record has a Game of 41?
Which Score has a January larger than 21, and Points of 63?
How many Points have a Record of 25–10–11, and a January larger than 28?
what province was established in 1870
Who is the Incumbent that has a District of ohio 13 in Democratic Party?
What is the score of champion Ken Rosewall in 1957?
What is the surface of the match with Brian Gottfried as the runner-up?
What is the score of the match with anders järryd as the runner-up?
What is the low bronze total for the team with 4 total and under 1 gold?
What is the average total for teams with over 3 bronzes and over 8 golds?
What is the low silver total associated with under 1 total?
What is the number of points associated with the highest position under 9 and a current position of 22?
Performer 3 of paul merton, and a Performer 4 of sandi toksvig is which performer 1?
Episode of 16 involves which performer 1?
Performer 2 of compilation 1 had what performer 1?
Which Schwaben has an Oberbayern of fc ingolstadt 04 and a Mittelfranken of sv seligenporten
Which Schwaben has a Oberbayern of fc bayern munich ii and a Mittelfranken of 1. fc nuremberg ii?
Who was the incumbent for south carolina 3 district?
When was the incumbent from the south carolina 1 district first elected?
Who was the incumbent that was first elected in 1892 and retired to run for the senate democratic hold?
Who was the incumbent that retired to run for the senate democratic hold?
What was the result of W. Jasper Talbert who was first elected in 1892?
Which Nationality has a 2.24 of xo, and a 2.20 of xo?
Which Athlete has a 2.24 of xo, and a 2.20 of o, and a 2.15 of o?
What is the earliest election with more than 7 candidates nominated, a percentage of the popular vote of 2.75%, and 0 seats won?
How much Played has a Lost larger than 14, and Drawn of 8, and a Team of ipatinga?
How many Drawn have a Difference of 3, and Points smaller than 52?
Which Points is the highest one that has a Position smaller than 4, and a Team of são paulo, and Drawn larger than 12?
How many Lost have Points larger than 40, and a Position of 11, and a Played smaller than 38?
What is the lowest number of games loss with a Points difference of 40 - 17, and over 6 games?
How many games lost for teams with over 6 games?
What are the highest number of games drawn for games numbered under 6?
How many games drawn with a Points difference of 31 - 33, and under 4 games lost?
Which Outcome has a Surface of hard (i), and a Date of 28 january 2003?
Which Tournament has an Outcome of winner, and a Surface of hard (i)?
Which Date has a Score of 6–1, 6–2?
Which Surface has an Opponent of oleksandra kravets?
Which Surface has a Date of 3 october 2003?
Which Surface has a Score of 6–4, 6–2?
How many ranks have a Code (IATA/ICAO) of ord/kord?
Which Total Cargo (Metric Tonnes) is the highest one that has a Rank smaller than 4, and an Airport of shanghai pudong international airport?
What is the Per capita income where Median family income is $72,288?
What is the average grid for the +2.2 secs time/retired?
Which Facility ID has a City of license of springfield, ma, and a ERP / Power W smaller than 230?
Which Frequency has a Facility ID of 13598?
WHich Facility ID has a Call sign of wnpr?
Which Frequency has a Facility ID of 13598?
What is the total number of 1sts that Martin Schmitt had where he less than 235.7 points?
What is the total number of attendance for games where buffalo was the home team?
What was the score of the game on April 28 where Buffalo were the visiting team?
What date was the game where the visiting team was philadelphia?
Who got the gold in seoul before 2002?
Where did sohn bong-gak win silver?
Who won the bronze when jin kanno won the gold?
Which Score has an Outcome of runner-up, and a Tournament of johannesburg?
Which Surface has an Opponent of kerry melville reid, and a Score of 6–3, 2–6, 3–6?
Which Outcome has an Opponent of wendy turnbull, and a Surface of grass?
Which Tournament has a Date of 22 january 1979?
Which Outcome has a Score of 6–4, 2–6, 6–3?
Which nation has total medals under 63, less than 2 silver, more than 2 bronze, and a rank of 8?
How many golds have bronze values of 4 and silver values over 2?
What is the sum of silver values that have bronze values under 4, golds over 2, and a rank of 3?
What is the sum of gold values that have bronze values over 0 and totals under 2?
What is the smallest gold value that has a total over 15 and bronze values under 31?
What is the Equatorial diameter of the Body: Mars?
What is the Equatorial diameter of the Body: ceres?
What is the Flattening ratio associated with the Equatorial diameter of 49,528km?
What is the Equatorial bulge of the Body: Earth?
What is the Flattening ratio associated with the Equatorial diameter of 120,536km?
What is the Flattening ratio associated with the Equatorial diameter of 12,756.28km?
What is the average Yards with an average of less than 4 and the long is 12 with less than 29 attempts?
What is the least amount of yards when the average is less than 2.6?
What is the lease amount of touchdowns with 1318 yards?
What is the number of touchdowns with the average is less than 2.6?
What is the total number for long when there are 19 attempts?
What was the margin of victory for Olazabal in the German Masters?
What was Olazabal's winning score in the event in which Phillip Price finished 2nd?
What was Olazabal's winning score in the German Masters?
What was Olazabal's margin of victory int he Ebel European Masters Swiss Open?
Which Series Ep has a Netflix of s08e18?
Which Segment B has a Segment D of stone wool insulation?
Which Segment A has a Segment C of poster restoration?
Which Segment C has a Segment B of fish food?
Which Segment C has a Netflix of s08e16?
What was the name of the competition that had Peterborough Phantoms as an opponent and a date of 2?
What is the Tally in Kerry County?
With a Total of less than 29, what is Ian Ryan's most Matches?
Which LEMA/SUBLEMA that has Votes smaller than 218656, and a Ch of Deputies of 0?
Which LEMA/SUBLEMA has a Ch of Senators of 2?
what tornament had the scores 6–7, 6–2, 6–4?
what partner made the scores 6–4, 6–1?
What year had 6.62 m in the notes?
Which competition in Budapest, Hungary gave a result of 8th?
Which year did the World indoor championships gave a position of 3rd?
What were the notes in Toronto, Canada?
Name the most points for class of 125cc and team of mv agusta with year more than 1957
Which ZX Spectrum has a Year larger than 1984, and a Genre of arcade/strategy?
How many years have a Title of kriegspiel?
Which ZX Spectrum has a C=64 of c64, and a Title of ankh?
Which Title has Others of amstrad cpc, and a Genre of arcade?
What was the result when the attendance was 12,000?
What was the attendance for weeks prior to 5 when there was no game scheduled?
What was the attendance number for the venue of Lakeside Park?
What is the largest week number for the venue of League Park for the date of November 25, 1920?
What is Michael's surname?
Which First has Bats of r, and Throws of l, and a DOB of 12 october 1977?
When was Maat born?
How many bats does Todd have?
Which Position has a DOB of 13 may 1987?
Which Bats have Throws of r, and a DOB of 22 may 1973?
Which Croatia has a Friendly of world cup 2006 qualifier, and a 149 of 152?
For which production company did Sam Mccarthy produce?
Who was the director that worked with Dana Dorian as the writer?
Which film, directed by Dana Dorian, was nominated?
What is the sum for December against the vancouver canucks earlier than game 33?
What is the sum for December when the record was 22-12-5?
When is the earliest year associated with team norton and 0 wins?
What is the year that there were 0 wins, team AJS, and under 12 points?
What year is associated with a drama desk award ceremony and a Category of outstanding featured actress in a musical?
What is the average Loss for the long of more than 12 with a name of opponents with a Gain larger than 1751?
Who was the winner/2nd place finisher in the Caulfield Guineas?
Which jockey had a group of G3?
What was the time for the G2 group at the Hobartville Stakes?
Which airport has perth as the city?
Which city has tasmania as the state/territory and a ICAO of ymhb?
Which airport has an ICAO of ybcg?
What is the IATA that has new south wales as the state/territory beginning on july 2009?
What IATA has queensland as the state/territory and an ICAO of ybrk?
What begin has victoria as the state/territory and a ICA0 of ymml?
Who was the visitor on March 27?
What was the record on March 14?
What format is at frequency 99.5 FM?
What format has the call sign DZFE?
What covered location has a frequency of 90.7 FM
What is the frequency of 104.3 business radio?
What name has the call sign DWYS?
Who has a DCSF number of 3373?
What is the average primary intake with an Ofsted number of 117433 and a DCSF number greater than 3335?
What is the lowest Ofsted number for a primary with a CE faith, intake of 30 and a DCSF number lower than 3349?
Can you tell me the Opponent that has the Result of w 37-14?
Can you tell me the Opponent that has the Date of october 11, 1953?
What year was the West Coast League established than the championships are greater than 0?
During the Apple Bowl having 0 championships, what was the established year?
What sport happened at Wildcat Stadium?
How many championships does Evergreen Premier League have?
Which Position has a Round larger than 10, and a Name of shawn mccarthy?
How many Pick #s have a Name of tory epps, and a Round larger than 8?
Which team was the visitor with a record of 5-2-0?
What is the score for the November 3 game?
What percent of others did ogm/news count when MARTIN had 9%?
What is the Undecided the others was 4%?
What is the Undecided on 2009-05-24?
What is the Date that has MARTIN of 7–9% and no Undecided?
What is the Date when MARTIN had 8%?
Which Attendance has a Game smaller than 3, and a Date of october 31?
What is rank of player Charles Eady and a Bowling of 12/63?
Who was the Opponent partnering with Jordan Kerr, on a hard surface that was the winner?
What's the Year Average that has a Power of BHP (KW) and Trim of LS/2LT?
Which Engine has a Year that's Larger than 2006 and Power of BHP (KW)?
What Torque has a Power of HP (KW)?
What's the Year average that's got Trim of LS/LT and Power of HP (KW)?
Name the college with overall of 17
Name the least overall for tony baker
Who was the visiting team when Winnipeg was the home team?
What was the score of the game with a decision of Peeters and a record of 29–3–11?
What is the Label of Catalogue # HVNLP26CD from United Kingdom?
What Country is Catalogue # ASW 50248 (724385024825) from?
Who is the winning team of the South Pacific Trophy?
Loss of gonzález (0–3) had what attendance?
Record of 92–70 had what date?
Loss of kendrick (11–8) had what record?
Date of september 28 had what record?
Attendance of 23,150 had what opponent?
Attendance of 36,796 had what score?
What is the sum of Long for derrick locke?
What is the lowest Loss with Gain larger than 319 for derrick locke?
Head Coach of wojciech kamiński is what club?
Sport of football, and a Venue of stadion polonii is what league?
Sport of gaelic football and hurling is what league?
Venue of Pepsi arena involved what club?
What is the highest earnings for Tom watson who had a ranking larger than 2?
What is the highest earnings for curtis strange?
What is the average year with an average start smaller than 6.3 and fewer than 0 wins?
Which Second has a Skip of barbora vojtusova?
Which Skip did marju velga lead?
Which Lead has a Second of katrin kuusk?
Which Third has a Skip of ellen vogt?
Which Third has a Second of agnieszka ogrodniczek?
What is Spain's skip?
What is the Per capita income associated with a Median household income of $55,800?
What was the margin of victory at the Texas International Open?
What was the margin of victory in the tournament with a winning score of −3 (74-68-72-71=285)?
Which Avg/G has an Effic larger than 129.73, and a Cmp-Att-Int of 333-500-13?
Which Effic is the highest one that has an Avg/G smaller than 305.6, and a GP-GS of 13-13?
Which Avg/G that has a Name of opponents, and an Effic smaller than 129.73?
Which Cmp-Att-Int has a GP-GS of 3-0?
Which Effic is the average one that has an Avg/G larger than 3.7, and a GP-GS of 13, and a Cmp-Att-Int of 318-521-15?
Which home team was playing on January 13?
How many runs were there when the high score was 55 and there were more than 12 innings?
How many runs were there when there was 1 match and les than 86 average?
Which station has programming of Me-TV?
Which station has programming of Me-TV?
What is the short name having video of 720p and programming of Main KSTC-TV programming?
What is the video associated with a short name of KSTCDT2?
What is the short name of channel 5.5, KSTC-TV?
What is the short name of the channel under 5.2?
Which prefecture is in Hubei province and Enshi county?
What is the sum of Tujia population with the Zhangjiajie prefecture in Sangzhi county?
What is the total number of attendence has points greater than 40, and detroit as the home?
What is the largest number for tropical Lows for the 1990–91 season with more than 10 tropical cyclones?
What is the least number of tropical cyclones when the strongest storm was Tiffany and less than 10 tropical lows.
What is the least amount of severe tropical cyclones for the 1992–93 season and the tropical Lows smaller than 6?
What is the least amount of tropical lows for the 1993–94 season with less than 11 tropical cyclones
How many Weeks are on september 8, 1980 and Attendances larger than 55,045? Question 4
Which Round has a College of stanford?
Which Round has a Pick of 174?
Which Position has a Pick of 174?
that was held in 1964?
What is the name of the Event with a venue that was in toronto, canada?
What is the Year the competition the british empire and commonwealth games were held?
What is the position of the commonwealth games?
What is the venue with a competition in 1964?
Name the date for clay surface and location of santos, brazil
Name the date with outcome of winner and score of 4–6 6–2 7–6 (7–4)
What's the highest capacity for a position of 5 in 2004?
Which venue was number 9 for 2004?
What city was founded in 1857?
Which Opponent has a Time of 2:31?
Which Method has a Round of 1, and a Time of 0:28?
Which Time has an Event of call to arms i?
what team played on april 9
What is the smallest frequency (kHz) that is in the location of Longview?
What is the location with a frequency (kHz) greater than 1370?
What is the capacity number for Yunost?
What is the total number of first prizes in USD for the Canadian Open?
Which Drawn has a Lost of 19?
Which Played has a Club of club?
Which Club has 1 Losing bonus?
What is the Losing bonus of 571 Points ?
Which Lost has a Tries for of 75?
Who is the opponent in the final of the match on 19 February 2006?
Who is the opponent in the final of the match on 26 March 2006?
What is the overall number of the player from Utah with a pick # higher than 7?
What is the highest round of the player with a pick number lower than 34?
What round did Mitch Davis, with an overall higher than 118, have?
What is the highest overall of the player from Georgia?
What is the position of the player with an overall of 45?
How many wins for team nsu and over 2 points?
What is the earliest year associated with under 0 wins?
How many wins for team mv agusta, over 10 points, and after 1957?
What College/Junior/Club Team (League) has a round of 3?
What player has a round larger than 1 in Austria?
Which player's nationality is from Sweden?
What College/Junior/Club Team (League) from Canada has a round smaller than 3?
What was the distance in 1997?
Who was the opponents in the final on January 5, 2003, on a hard surface?
What was the final score on the February 19, 2012 final?
Name the least attendance with venue of away on 24 august 2007
Name the average attendance with result of won 2-0 on 2 november 2007
What is the uniform number of the player whose last name is Wiltshire?
When the rank is larger than 3 with a second quarter of johnson & johnson 156,515.9, what is the fourth quarter?
With a rank of 2 what is the second quarter?
When the third quarter is China Mobile 195,680.4, what is the rank?
When the first quarter is procter & gamble 138,013, what is the rank?
When the rank is less than 4, and has a second quarter of exxon mobil 341,140.3, what is the fourth quarter?
What is the Term end that has a Party of united australia and 184 days in office?
What is the sum of average values for 23 yards?
What are the most yards for 2 sacks and an average greater than 0?
What is listed for the Bronze, with the Location of Bangkok, and the Year of 1978?
What's listed for the lowest Year that a Silver of Kim Kyung-Ho?
What's the Gold that also has Bronze of Kim Sun-Bin?
What's the Bronze that's also got a Godl of Kim Woo-Jin?
What is listed as the highest Year that's also got a Bronze of Wataru Haraguchi?
What was the score when their record was 35–23–15?
Which home team has a score of 5 – 6?
In what county is the school of Merrillville?
The school of Portage was in what conference previous?
What is the name of the school that is in Valparaiso?
Which FA Cup is the highest one that has a Malaysia Cup of 0, and a Player of ahmad fouzee masuri, and a Total larger than 0?
How many totals have a Player of ahmad fouzee masuri, and an FA Cup larger than 0?
Which FA Cup has a Player of khairan ezuan razali, and a Total smaller than 0?
How many Malaysia Cups have a Total larger than 3, and a Player of ivan yusoff, and a League smaller than 2?
Which FA Cup has a Malaysia Cup larger than 0, and a Total of 8?
Which Year is the highest one that has a Venue of edmonton, canada?
Which Position has a Competition of world championships, and a Year larger than 1997?
Which Venue has a Notes of heptathlon, and a Year of 1991?
What days held has noiz as the wrestler?
What location has tatsuhito takaiwa as the wrestler?
What event has 8 as the days held?
What event has unknown as the days held.?
What is the Displacement of the Iveco F1CE3481E Engine?
What is the Displacement of the 180 Multijet Power/3.0 HDI Model?
What is the Valvetrain of the Diesel Engines Model?
Year(s) won of 1994 , 1997 has what average total?
Player of corey pavin, and a To par larger than 5 has what average total?
Total smaller than 285, and a To par larger than 1 belongs to what player?
Total larger than 285, and a Finish of t30 belongs to what player?
Which player for a team with an 18-20 record had the most rebounds in a game?
Name the total number of frequency Mhz with class of d and call sign of k201bm and ERP W less than 74
Name the least frequency Mhz with call sign of k202ag
Name the class with call sign of k220cp
What is the Winnipeg Jets record?
What's the stadium on November 8?
Who was the visitor on March 17?
What's the score for Toronto Maple Leafs on November 10?
Who was the visitor on October 31?
What is the rank associated with 0 wins and a 350cc class?
What is the run 2 of the athlete from Australia with a run 1 less than 53.75?
What is the run 2 of athlete Maria Orlova from Russia?
What is the run 3 of the athlete with a run 1 more than 53.75 and a run 2 less than 52.91?
What is the lowest run 3 an athlete with a run 2 less than 53.72 and a run 1 of 53.1 has?
What is the lowest run 2 of the athlete with a run 1 of 52.44 and a run 3 less than 52.35?
How many points are associated with 0 poles?
What is the first game that has a home team of Detroit?
Which home team has higher than 92 points?
what team's score is 101?
what team played against zimbabwe in 1999?
what is the team that played in 2006?
What is the lowest amount of points driver Romain Grosjean, who has an average pre-2010 less than 0, has?
What is the average number of entries driver Mark Webber, who has more than 1014.5 points, has?
What is the highest average points per race of the driver with less than 969 points and an average pre-2010 less than 0?
What is the lowest average points per race entered of driver kimi räikkönen, who has more than 194 entries?
What is the first game played against the Chicago Black Hawks?
Name the opponent for 9 november 1991
Which Losses is the lowest one that has Wins smaller than 0?
Which Losses have a Season larger than 1941, and a Team of hamilton wildcats, and Ties of 0?
Which Season has Ties smaller than 1, and a Team of vancouver grizzlies, and Wins smaller than 1?
How many Ties have Wins smaller than 1, and Games of 6, and Losses of 6, and a Season larger than 1941?
Which Wins have a Team of winnipeg blue bombers, and a Season larger than 1964?
What engine class is associated with a year after 1985 and over 0 wins?
Which opponent has a loss of trout (7-4)?
Which opponent has a save of smith (22)?
How much Gold has a Bronze larger than 1, and a Silver larger than 2?
Which Total has a Nation of japan (jpn), and a Silver smaller than 1?
What is the margin of victory in WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship?
On what date was Nick Price the runner-up?
What is the margin of victory for Nick Price as a runner-up?
What is the margin of victory for PGA Championship?
On what date was the winning score –20 (68-67-65-64=264)?
Which player was D past Round 3?
Which Round was F picked?
What Position is Ryan Russell?
What country does Round 4 come from?
Which opponent was present on April 14?
what team lost on april 15
what team played on april 21
what team scored on april 10
Who lost with a time of 0:58?
What is the average number of rounds for winner Rafael Cavalcante?
What win method has a time of 2:32?
What is the sum of points values that are associated with 0 losses and more than 8 games?
What is the fewest losses associated with more than 13 points and fewer than 8 games?
What is the difference associated with more than 2 points, fewer than 3 losses, and fewer than 1 draw?
What is the fewest number of points associated with more than 8 games?
Which title did richard kolner play?
Which Title has a Dance Partner of adele astaire, and Lyrics of ira gershwin, and a Director of felix edwardes?
Which Role has a Theatre of globe, and a Music of jerome kern?
what name was on the year 2012
Which member of house of Habsburg-Lorraine had the spouse Charles II?
What is the marriage date for the Habsburg-Lorraine house member who died 29 December 1829?
When did the duchess who became duchess on 7/8 April 1766 cease to be duchess?
What is the date of death of the duchess born on 30 October 1797?
What is the birth date of the duchess who married on 1 May 1844?
What is the highest numbered pick from round 7?
How much Played has an Against larger than 11, and a Team of botafogo, and a Position smaller than 2?
Which average Drawn has Points smaller than 14, and a Lost smaller than 4, and a Played larger than 9?
Which Played is the lowest one that has a Team of vasco da gama, and an Against smaller than 11?
Which Played has a Lost larger than 4, and a Team of américa, and Points smaller than 5?
Which Lost has a Position of 3, and a Drawn larger than 3?
How much Lost has a Drawn larger than 1, and Points smaller than 14, and an Against larger than 10?
What tournament has yvonne vermaak as the opponent?
What outcome has yvonne vermaak as the opponent?
What is the outcome for the Hershey tournament?
Who played against Save Of Ni Fu-Deh?
What's the loss of who has a Save of Miguel Saladin and played against Chinatrust Whales?
Who's the opponent when Diegomar Markwell is the loss?
what game had a score of 86-71
what game took place on september 14
what game had an attendance of 21,629
what is the number of people in sri lanka
What was the position of the Slavia team in 1998?
Which team is located in Lida?
Which episode number visited India?
Which episode title featured a visit to the country of Cuba?
Which position does Jesse Boulerice play?
What is the fewest number of wins in the chart for Ayrton Senna?
What is the number of entries associated with more than 11 wins?
Name the most points with lost more than 1 and games less than 5
Name the sum of drawn with lost more than 1 and games less than 5
Name the least lost with points more than 6 and games less than 5
Name the sum of points with games less than 5
What was the location of the bout that lasted 5:00 and led to a 6-2-1 record?
What was the record after the bout with Alexis Vila?
Who was a defensive end at California?
Which players were selected after 2011?
Who was a linebacker at Tennessee?
Which Wins is the lowest one that has Events larger than 30?
What day were the results 3:0?
What city played on april 29?
Which city has an opponent of England?
What day was the opponent Austria?
Name the most population for seychelles and rank less than 13
What is the frequency of the station owned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and branded as CBC Radio One?
What is the frequency of the soft adult contemporary stations?
Who owns the station with the frequency FM 92.1?
What is the branding of the FM 97.7 station owned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation?
Which F/Laps has Podiums of 1, and a Season of 2000, and a Final Placing of nc?
Which Series has Poles of 0, and Races of 17?
Which Team Name has Poles of 0, and a Final Placing of 29th?
Which Series has a Final Placing of 9th, and Podiums of 2?
Which Series has a Team Name of sunred engineering?
Which Points have Wins of 0, and a Final Placing of 21st?
Name the bronze for lahti
Which Rank has Goals larger than 10, and a Scorer of choi sang-kuk?
Which Rank has a Scorer of lee sang-cheol?
Which Club has a Rank of 5?
How many original bills amendments cosponsored lower than 64,with the bill support withdrawn lower than 0?
Who is the democratic incumbent that was re-elected?
What year was republican, re-elected incumbent John all barham elected?
What day in october was game number 4 with under 3 points?
Which school was the drafted player from in a pick larger than 181?
Which points against has 17 as the lost?
What lost has 528 as the points?
What is the drawn that has 16 as the trys bonus?
What club has tries for in the category tries for?
What is the drawn that has 22 for played, and 96 for points?
What points have 1 for drawn, and 16 as a try bonus?
What is team 1 in group h?
What was the score on 15 march 2006?
Which winning team has a winning pitcher of Chris Young and was played in Arlington?
What winning team has a losing pitcher of Juan Dominguez?
Who was the opponent on August 14?
Which loss had a record of 79-49?
What is the semi-final dual television commentator status of the year with Pierre Tchernia as the grand final television commentator and an unknown spokesperson?
What is the semi-final television commentator status in 1962 with an unknown spokesperson?
What is the grand final television commentator status after 1959 when Dave was the grand final dual television commentator and Marie Myriam was the spokesperson?
What is the grand final dual television commentator status of the year when Amaury Vassili was the spokesperson?
What state has lincoln, de as the hometown?
Name the ship with hull number of aor-6
Name the hull number of Commissioned– Decommissioned of 1973–1996
Name the commissioned-decommissioned for oakland and NVR page of aor-1
Name the home port for kansas city
Name the commissioned-decommissioned for NVR page of aor-7
Name the ship for oakland home port and NVR page of aor-3
What is the name of the location and ship type in the Gulf of Mexico that entered service in 1999?
What was the water depth that entered service in 2001 named Cajun Express?
What was the water depth in the Gulf of Mexico named Discoverer Clear Leader?
What is the name of a location in Nigeria?
What location entered service in 1999 and had a customer of Anadarko?
What was the Score on January 30?
Who were the Visitor of the Toronto Maple Leafs Home game on December 22?
On what Date was the Record 9–6–4?
What was the Score on March 1?
What is the primary conference that was founded before 1866 and has an affiliation of private/catholic?
What is the total enrollment for an affiliation of public, and was founded before 1866?
What is the affiliation for towson, md?
What is the total enrollment for a private/catholic affiliation and founded after 1842?
What is the number founded for the nickname mountain hawks?
What is the score of the season in the host city kėdainiai?
Who was the winner of the season before 2010 with Lietuvos Rytas as a finalist?
Who was the finalist in the 2010 season in the host city tartu?
Who was the winner during the 2009 season?
What is the host city during the 2012 season?
what game had a score of 4–6, 6–3, 7–6(10)?
When did eleonor magdalene of the palatinate-neuburg become duchess?
Which Marriage has a Became Duchess of 12 december 1666?
When did the person die who was born on 18 november 1630?
Which Birth has a Became Duchess of 17 april 1711 husband's ascension?
Which Spouse has a Birth of 30 may 1653?
When did the person born on 6 january 1655 die?
Which Club or province has a caps larger than 15 and has Chris Cusiter playing for them?
What is the date of birth for the player from Ulster and plays at Centre position?
What type of disaster is rms atlantic categorized in that was located in Nova Scotia?
What is the type of disaster that the Arrow Air Flight 1285 categorized in?
What is the disaster that was located in Ontario with 223 deaths?
How many deaths were there during the shipwreck in 1873?
Where was the disaster located that took place on 1916?
Which Laps is the highest one that has a Time/Retired of +3.370 secs?
Which Grid has a Team of rusport, and Laps larger than 221?
What title has a producer of MAQ and Anna as a role?
How many years was Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay directed by Rory Quintos and produced by Star Cinema?
Which title was directed by Joyce Bernal?
What song is it that artist morena camilleri does and has more than 38 points
What is the total number of points for ray agius
What play did henry s. uber / betty uber (eng) finish in?
When Baltimore County, Howard are represented, what's the first elected when the committee is environmental matters (vice-chair)?
What party is the delegate of Turner, Frank S. Frank S. Turner of Howard County?
What is the damage of storm three?
Which Round is the lowest one that has a Circuit of donington?
Which 250cc winner has a Round larger than 6, and a Date of 26 july?
Attendance of 48,510 had what highest week?
Opponent of at san francisco 49ers had what lowest week?
On what Date is the Minnesota Vikings the Opponent?
What is the Date of Week 5?
What is the Date of Week 2?
What was the score when the game has a loss of Lary (10-12)?
What is the result of the friendly match?
What is the score of the match on June 4, 2008?
Which Year is the lowest one that has a Length of 3:50?
Which Length has a Year of 2000?
In what place is the artist Midnight Band with a draw larger than 2 and less than 139 points.
what player matched up with 9
What is the 2nd leg of the Internacional Team 1?
Which City has a Country of spain, and a Stadium of palacio de deportes de santander?
Which Capacity is the lowest one that has a Rank smaller than 15, and a City of belgrade?
Which Capacity is the lowest one that has a City of brisbane, and a Rank smaller than 1?
What are the total points that had 68 match points, 9 bonus points and 30 games?
What's the shortest length from north klondike highway that has a length less than 326?
what team had a score of 2-1
what team played on may 11
what place has the club of sevilla
Which new conference is located in Greentown?
What is the most current year with a previous conference of Mid-Indiana in Converse?
What year did Culver leave?
What is the mascot with a #/County of 34 Howard?
What day was a friendly game held that had a score of 2:3?
What type of game was held on December 22?
what game had a doubles round in 1979
Where were less than 72 goals made and more than 40 assists made?
Which opponent plays against the Pohang Steelers?
What competition had more than 40 assists?
What Nation Placed 122.5?
What is the Places amount of the United States Ranking 8?
What is the average episode number where jimmy mulville was the 4th performer?
What is the total number of episodes where hugh laurie was the 3rd performer?
What is the lowest episode number where john bird was the 4th performer?
Who was the 3rd performer when Rory Bremner was the 4th performer?
What time did the game featuring the Detroit Lions at Three Rivers Stadium occur?
What is the highest number of successful launches associated with over 1 launch and under 0 fails?
What kind of locomotive is Winston Churchill?
How many draws were there when there were points less than 23, 6 losses, and more than 21 against?
What is the smallest amount of draws when the position is less than 7 and the against is 19?
What is the highest amount of plays for fluminense?
What is the least amount of points when there were less than 4 losses and less than 16 against?
Who does Rockstar Games use as a developer?
When Did Microsoft Game Studios release Amped: Freestyle Snowboarding?
Which Score has a Home of quebec nordiques, and a Visitor of vancouver blazers on february 28?
When has a Visitor of new england whalers, and a Record of 9–9–1? Question 2
Which Home has a Visitor of quebec nordiques, and a Score of 3–4, and a Record of 8–8–1?
WHich Score has a Record of 31–28–3?
When has Score of 4–5, and a Record of 21–21–3?
What is the Score of a Record 24–23–3?
During which games did Tunisia win gold in the men's 5000 m?
What medal was won in the men's light welterweight event at the 1996 Atlanta games?
At which games did Tunisia win a bronze in the men's 1500 m freestyle?
What medal was won in the men's 5000 m event?
What is the draw with less than 107 points by the artist Jan Johansen?
In what Year did the Norton Team have 0 Points and 350cc Class?
What is the Wins before 1960 with less than 2 Points?
What was the earliest Year the Linto Team had less than 15 Points with more than 0 Wins?
What were the points for a team that 414 points against?
Who was the player that had drawn 1 and tried for 20?
What were the points for that had a game where there was 678 against?
What were the points against in a game that was played correct as of 2009-05-16?
What was the tries again llanishen rfc?
What was drawn for llanishen rfc?
Which District has a Republican of dan mansell?
Which Republican has a District of 10?
Which Incumbent has a Republican of dan mansell?
Which Democratic has a District smaller than 7, and a Republican of dan mansell?
Which record has a score of 135–134?
Name the position for the player born 2 november 1987
Name the club/province for steve borthwick
What is the largest ration with an ordinary value of 84 zolotnik?
What unit has an Avoirdupois value of 57.602 gr.?
Which translation had a unit of Uncia?
What ordinary value has a metric value of 29.861 g?
Which ordinary value has a Russian value of унция?
Which Avoirdupois value is translated to grain?
What is the number of turns for the City of san antonio?
What is the State with the imsa gt as the Major Series and a track in new orleans?
Where is the track located with 18 turns?
What is the State with the trans-am Major Series in Grand Rapids?
Where is the track located that opened in 1992?
What shows for opened for the Nascar Major Series?
What is the lowest number of FA cups associated with 0 malaysia cups?
How many league cups for m patrick maria with 0 total?
What is the highest number of Malaysia Cups for a player with over 0 leagues and under 0 FA cups?
What is the tournament on July 29 hosted by SK Brann?
Who is the visitor of the match on July 29?
What is the game that has the phoenix suns as the opponent played against?
What is the attendance of the game on 2007-04-07 with the Warriors as the visitor team?
What day is their record 13-15?
Who did they play when dickey (0-1) recorded the loss?
What is the result of the game of heinz field with a record of 2-5?
What opponent has a record of 6-9?
What is the week with a record of 2-1?
What City of license has a Frequency MHz smaller than 95.9 with w223au as the call sign?
What is the Call sign for the ERP W 19?
What FCC info is listed for the ERP W of 2?
What Call sign shows an ERP W of 80?
What is the Class for the ERP W of more than 2 and the call sign of w223au?
what team lost on july 30
What sport was played on February 25, 2011?
Where was the sport played on September 10, 2010?
What type of surface was played on when julie halard-decugis was the partner on October 8, 2000?
How many Played has a % Win of 50.00%, and Losses of 1, and Wins smaller than 1?
WHAT kind of No Result has Wins smaller than 2, and Losses larger than 1?
How many Played that has Losses of 6, and Wins larger than 33?
What  kind of No Result  has a % Win of 100.00% and a Played larger than 4 in 2012?
Which Loss has a Score of 6–5?
Date of wed. nov. 13 had how many number of games?
Record of 6–1 had what score?
Score of 118–114, and a Record of 8–1 is what lowest game?
Which circuit was in Great Britain with Ireland as the winner?
How many were in attendance when the league position was 16th and the score was F–A of 0–3?
How many were in attendance for a result of D, at H venue, and Arsenal as an opponent?
What is the largest number in attendance at H venue opposing Liverpool with a result of D?
What is the number of Justin Jeffries?
How many games has number 61 played in?
What is the name of the player who is a wr and has a weight of 197?
What is the hometown of number 40?
What date is the visitor Ottawa?
what is the sum of the year in rhode island
what is the senator in kentucky
What is the destination of the rail with Dhanbad as the origin?
What is the destination of the Garib nwaz exp train?
What is the train name of the rail with a daily frequency and a destination of Rajgir?
What is the train name of the rail with a daily frequency and Jammutawi as the destination?
What is the frequency of the rail with an origin of Ranchi?
What is the frequency of the train named Garib nwaz exp?
Name the segment c with episode less than 179 and segment b of s sticker
Name the segment c for ski goggles
In which position did Steve play first?
Which bats did mitchell play first?
When is mr. ryan's DOB?
Which Throws have a Position of 3b/rhp?
When is Collins' DOB?
Which Position has a D.O.B. of 3 june 1989?
What type of architecture does the Saturn Vue have?
What architecture type does the Ford Escort Wagon have?
What original vehicle has uwhvt homepage architecture?
Which Winner has a Last 16 of £400?
Which Runner-Up has a Total of £31,200?
Which Runner-Up has a Last 16 of £300?
Which Last 64 has a Total of £34,600?
Which Winner has Semi-Finalists of £2,000?
Which Year has a Quarter-Finalists of £1,000, and Semi-Finalists of £1,500?
How tall is Dylan Postl?
What is the largest amount of goals when the points are less than 0?
Which player has more than 0 goals and less than 12 tries?
What is the smallest number of tries when Matt Diskin is the player and there are more than 16 points?
Which position has more than 4 points, less than 12 tries, a squad number of more than 1, and where Ali Lauitiiti is a player?
What is the total number of squad no when there are more than 8 points, Danny Mcguire is a player, and there are more than 0 goals?
What is the lowest lost from drawn of 1 or greater?
What is the highest games from a game with points less than 4, drawn of 1 and a lost less than 6?
What is the score of the game on January 18?
What is the score of the game on January 10?
What is the score of the game on November 12 with the Chicago Black Hawks as the visitor team?
What is the series score of the game on May 6?
The Zeehond was built by whom?
What college, junior, or club team did Victor Ignatjev play for?
Which player is from Sweden?
What was the score on April 22?
What opponent has a score of 1-3?
What is the record for April 21?
Which Player has a Round larger than 5, and a School/Club Team of bethune-cookman?
Which Position has a Pick smaller than 152, and a Round smaller than 3?
How many Picks have a Position of defensive back?
Which Player has a Round smaller than 11, and a Pick smaller than 152, and a Position of guard?
Which participants won the silver medal for the Men's Doubles?
What event did Rashid Sidek participate in?
Which Olympic Games had a silver medal for the Men's Singles?
Which sport was in the 1992 Barcelona games?
What event was in the 2008 Beijing games?
What is the round of the defense player from the United States?
What is the position of Dale Craigwell?
What is the position of the player from Sweden?
Who is the player from a round larger than 5 and the college/junior/club team of Leningrad SKA (russia)?
What position does Mikhail Kravets play?
Which date was held at Laguna Seca Raceway, in class GTX/GTO?
Which circuit was held on May 7 for 1 hour?
Which circuit has a length of 45 minutes and is held on August 6?
What is the length of the 6 Hours of Talladega?
Name the class AA with class A of rule and school year of 1995-96
Name the class A with school year of 2004-05
Name the clas AAAA of school year 2000-01
What school is from 45 Lake county and is located in Merrillville?
What school is located in Michigan City?
What is the IHSAA class for Chesterton?
What is the IHSAA class for Portage?
What is the IHSAA class for Crown Point?
What is the average grid of driver Christian Vietoris who has less than 12 laps?
What is the grid of driver joão urbano?
What is the lowest laps a grid less than 22 with a time of +35.268 has?
What is the lowest laps driver Christian Vietoris with a grid smaller than 6 has?
What is the primary sponsor of driver Mark Martin?
Who is the crew chief of team Joe Gibbs Racing, which has a Chevrolet Monte Carlo and Fedex as the primary sponsor?
Who is the driver of the team with the crew chief Derrick Finley?
Who is the crew chief of team Chip Ganassi Racing with Felix Sabates, which has Casey Mears as the driver?
Which team has Peak Fitness as the primary sponsor?
What date has w 20-17 as the result, and 1-0 as the record?
What game site has december 24, 2000 as a date?
What date has dallas cowboys as the opponent?
What is the attendance that has fedex field as the game site with 3 as the week?
What is the record for April 22?
What is the record when the visiting team was the Quebec Nordiques on April 22?
What is the longitude of Taurus?
What is the Location for Belshina?
What is the total number for Capacity at city stadium, borisov?
Which rating larger than 5 have the lowest amount of views in #3 rank with a share of 9?
What is the highest played that has a drawn less than 9, 36 as the difference, with a lost greater than 7?
How many positions have figueirense as the team, with a played greater than 38?
What is the largest drawn that has a played less than 38?
How many positions have 9 as a drawn, 5 as a difference, with a lost less than 14?
What date did Episode 2-01 (42) air?
Who wrote Episode 2-15 (56)?
What is the highest number of games with 1 loss and points less than 18?
Which City has a Result of w, and a Competition of international friendly (unofficial match), and a Score of 1-0?
Which Date has a Result of w, and a Score of 3-0?
Which City has a Date of june 9, 1976?
Which City has a Date of may 19, 1976?
What are the total number of laps for Tom Bridger?
What are the lowest laps of Graham Hill?
What are the lowest laps of grid 17?
Which Avg/G has a Gain of 16, and a Name of barnes, freddie, and a Loss smaller than 2?
Which average Long has a Gain smaller than 16, and a Loss smaller than 6?
Which Gain is the lowest one that has a Loss larger than 2, and an Avg/G larger than -6, and a Name of sheehan, tyler, and a Long larger than 11?
Which Avg/G is the lowest one that has a Long larger than 8, and a Loss smaller than 34, and a Gain larger than 16, and a Name of bullock, chris?
Which Loss has a Name of bullock, chris, and a Long smaller than 36?
How much Long has a Loss larger than 2, and a Gain of 157, and an Avg/G smaller than 129?
What is the fewest number of places for a skater from Norway with fewer than 1524.9 points?
What home has Philadelphia as the visitor, and december 4 as the date?
What record has a decision of parent, Philadelphia as the home, with december 12 as the date?
Which Tournament has a Score of 6–4, 6–2?
Which Score has an Opponent in the final of mehdi tahiri?
Which Date has a Score of 6–3, 7–6?
Which Date has a Score of 7–6(3), 4–6, 6–2?
Which Surface has a Tournament of olbia?
What was the attendance at the week 7 game?
What was the result of the game after week 3 against the New York Giants?
Who was the opponent at the week 6 game?
What is the lowest loss that Jarius Wright has had where he also has had a gain bigger than 1.
How much was the first place prize for the American golf classic located in Ohio?
What date was the Monsanto open located in Florida?
What was the score of Johnny Miller (7)?
What is the total number of years that have divisions greater than 4?
What is the highest division for years earlier than 2011?
What is the Week number on November 30, 1958 with more than 33,240 in Attendance?
What was the Result on November 9, 1958?
What was the Attendance on Week 8?
Which season did not qualify for UEFA competitions?
How many games were lost that had goals against of 5?
How many draws were there with goals against that did not qualify for UEFA competitions?
Which competition did not qualify for UEFA competitions in the 1970-71 season?
What is the attendance in texas stadium?
What is the home team score for the team that has a home field of the Telstra Dome?
Which home team had an away team of the Brisbane Lions?
What was the sensor with a resolution of 355x288 for a Naturalpoint Trackir 3?
What was the sensor resolution with a minimal CPU usage for a naturalpoint trackir 3 pro?
What was the output with no IR LEDs?
What sensor has a resolution of 640x480 with small CPU usage, jpeg compressed output and a camera of sony playstation eyetoy?
What is the max speed of the unit with an 8+4 quantity built before 1971?
What is the numbers of the thn unit with a power greater than 220?
What is the power of the unit built after 1995?
Week larger than 6, and a Date of november 22, 1959 had what result?
Result of w 21–7 had what average week?
Date of november 29, 1959 had what lowest attendance?
Week that has a Date of december 5, 1959 had what week?
Which Game has an Opponent of @ carolina hurricanes?
How many games have a November of 10?
Which Game has a November of 22?
What is the mean year of marriage when her age was more than 19 and his age was 30?
What is the lowest figure for her age when the year of marriage is before 1853, the number of children is less than 8, and the bride was Eliza Maria Partridge?
What is the total number of her age figures where his age is less than 33, the bride was diontha walker, and the number of children was less than 0?
How much Lost has an Against larger than 19, and a Drawn smaller than 1?
Which Played has a Lost of 3, and an Against of 23?
Which Played is the highest one that has an Against smaller than 18, and Points smaller than 10?
Which Against is the highest one that has a Drawn larger than 1, and a Team of corinthians, and a Played smaller than 7?
What opponent has october less than 20, and 8 for points?
What position does Drew Callander play?
What round did Ray Kurpis play?
Which Built by has a Name of northern jaeger?
How many Horsepowers have a Year smaller than 1974, and a Tonnage of 4437?
When was the 2014 fifa world cup qualification?
When was the date of an event at Tokyo venue?
What city did Yugoslavia play against Poland in?
What day did Yugoslavia play Luxembourg?
What type of game was played in Ljubljana?
What's the result of the game played in Belgrade?
What was the score on March 23?
When the Vancouver Canucks were visiting, what was the record when the score was 4-2?
Which Partner has a Score of 6–7, 7–6, 6–7?
Which Score has a Date of 13 april 1997?
Which Partner has a Score of 7–6, 6–3?
Which Date has a Tournament of bmw open?
Which Partner has a Tournament of catella swedish open?
Which Date has a Surface of clay, and a Score of 6–3, 5–7, 2–6?
Who was the winner of the tre valli varesine race?
What is the date of the omloop van de vlaamse scheldeboorden race with a UCI rating of 1.1?
What is the date of the gp città di camaiore race?
What is the UCI rating of the race in Italy with the progetto ciclismo alplast team?
What is the date of the game being played at Schaeffer Stadium?
Which Points have a Year larger than 1966, and Wins larger than 1?
Which Year is the lowest one that has Wins smaller than 0?
Which Points have Wins larger than 1?
Which Wins have a Year of 1963, and a Class of 50cc?
What is the player from Australia's rank with more than 16 wins?
What is the highest earnings of a player with more than 19 wins?
Which average Opened has a Manufacturer of vekoma?
Which Opened is the highest one that has a Themed Area of aerial park, and a Manufacturer of zamperla?
Which Themed Area has a Name of troublesome trucks runaway coaster?
Which Manufacturer has a Style of steel sit down, and an Opened larger than 2008?
What position has a pick less than 25 for the university of california?
What is the pick number for tulane university?
What is the pick number for the kansas city royals?
What is the average Pick for the Pasco, Wa school?
What Label released a CD single in 1993?
Where was home with a record of 7–5–2?
On what date was the record 8–6–3?
What was the score when Pittsburgh was the visitor?
On what date were the NY Rangers home?
Which visitor had a record of 7–5–3?
Who was home when Detroit was visiting with a score of 4 – 1?
What is the earliest date with Great Expectations label with LP format?
What format was used for Mobil 1?
what team won the friendly match
Which Runner-up has a Last win smaller than 1998, and Wins of 1, and a Rank larger than 13?
How many Last wins have a Club of mansfield town, and Wins smaller than 1?
Which Driver has a Date of 16th september 1951, and a Race of dns?
At which race did reg parnell win the goodwood trophy?
Which Race has a Date of 31st may 1953, and an Event of grand prix de l'albigeois final?
What's the average total cargo in metric tonnes that has an 11.8% Change?
What is the highest rank of Tokyo International Airport?
Where the games are smaller than 5 and the points are 6, what is the average lost?
with build 5/69-6/69 what's the order?
Which Outcome has a Score of 6–2, 6–2?
Which Date has an Outcome of winner, and a Score of 7–5, 6–4?
Which Tournament has an Outcome of winner, and a Surface of clay, and a Score of 6–4, 6–1?
What was the outcome in mari andersson's tournament?
What's the loss of the game with the opponent of the Nationals with a score of 7-1?
Which opponent has a record of 70-52?
What is the attendance of the game that has the opponent of The Nationals with a record of 68-51?
What's the attendance of the game with a score of 5-4?
Who's the opponent of the game with the record 64-51?
Who were the opponents in games before number 54?
what was the score of bert yancey
What is the Length/Fuel of the bus with a Quantity of 30?
What is the Length/Fuel of the bus built between 2000-2003 with a high Floor Styling?
In what Venue was the game with a Friendly Competition and 1 Goal played?
What is the amount of money that a +5 to par with a score of 76-69-70-70=285?
What is the name of the player with a 71-69-71-69=280 score?
Which average Game # has a Home of san jose, and Points smaller than 71?
Which Home has a Game # of 59?
Which Visitor has a Game # larger than 62, and a Date of february 25?
with delivery date of 2001 2001 what is the owns?
with delivery date of 2001 2001 what is gross tonnage?
with delivery date 1997 1997 what is the owns?
Which conference does the school from Gainesville, Florida, play in?
What is the number of enrollments for teams named the Buccaneers founded before 1911?
What is the highest chart number for the song Yardbirds aka Roger the Engineer?
What is the average chart number for 11/1965?
What is origin country for a title that charted at 52?
What is the Record of the Game after 40 with New York Rangers as Opponent?
When did Adam Thompson play in the final?
When was the Lagos tournament?
What was the score against the phillies on may 24?
Opponent of new england patriots had what attendance?
Attendance of 55,340 had what opponent?
Week smaller than 4, and a Game Site of rca dome, and a Opponent of new england patriots involves what date?
Record of 0–8 had what result?
Record of 0–8 had what lowest week?
What was the score when the visitor was pittsburgh?
What was the decision on November 26?
What is the USN 2013 ranking with a BW 2013 ranking less than 1000, a Forbes 2011 ranking larger than 17, and a CNN 2011 ranking less than 13?
What is the average AE 2011 ranking with a Forbes 2011 ranking of 24 and a FT 2011 ranking less than 44?
Who did they play at lincoln financial field at 8:30 (ET) after week 14?
What is the average rank for nations with fewer than 0 gold medals?
What is the total number of bronze medals with more than 1 medal total and fewer than 1 silver medal?
What is the highest rank of a nation with fewer than 0 silver medals?
Which Bats have a First of josh, and Throws of r, and a Surname of cakebread?
Which DOB has Throws of r, and a Position of c, and a First of torey?
Which DOB has a Surname of cresswell?
Which DOB has Bats of r, and Throws of r, and a Position of rhp, and a First of john?
Which Position did Ruzic play?
How many throws did Torey have?
Which Ties is the highest one that has Losses smaller than 9, and Starts of 26, and Wins smaller than 21?
Which Win % has a Name of tony rice, and Wins smaller than 28?
Which Wins have a Win % smaller than 0.8270000000000001, and a Name of rick mirer, and Ties smaller than 1?
How many Losses have a Name of blair kiel?
Which Losses have a Name of jimmy clausen?
what is the number of attendance on june 24
Home of dallas happened on what date?
Home of buffalo happened on what date?
Visitor of dallas, and a Date of june 12 had what highest attendance?
On which date was the position less than 4 at Piraeus?
Which team had 64 laps and 13 points?
How many laps did the team with a time/retired of +1.906 have?
What is the time/retired of the team with a grid of 14?
What is the lowest grid of pkv racing, which had 13 points and less than 64 laps?
What is the total grid of the team with a time/retired of +7.346?
What is the grid of pkv racing with the driver oriol servià?
When Cancelable of yes, bubble of yes and a Category of keyboard, what was the Attribute?
When Bubbles of no, and a Category of miscellaneous, and a Type of propertychange, what was the Cancelable?
When Type was rowexit what was the Category?
When Cancelable of yes, and a Type of drag, what was the Category?
When Event has Bubbles of yes, Cancelable of yes, Category of mouse, and a Type of contextmenu what is the Attribute?
Let's say Type is of datasetcomplete, what is the Attribute?
What is the name of the parish that has a former local authority of St Neots urban district?
What district is the parish who had the South Cambridgeshire rural district as the former local authority?
What district is St Martin's Without parish in with a population less than 75?
Who was the home team when FK kom were the guests?
What venue was the match against the guest team, FK ibar, played at?
What's the Score with a Home of Scotland and Date of 24 February?
What round was john sutro, tackle, drafter with a pick lower than 79?
What pick was roger holdinsky?
When was chuck morris, back, drafted?
What wss the average round drafted for xavier players?
What is the urban sub-area with an East Dunbartonshire council area and a population of 19,020?
What is the council area for the Larkhall urban sub-area?
What is the population of the East Kilbride urban sub-area?
Which urban sub-area has a population of 16,140?
What is the record of the cubs on July 19?
What nationality is Northwood School (N.Y.)?
What are incumbent William Vandever's results?
Who was the first person elected from Democratic GAIN?
What was the result for incumbent Joseph McKenna who was first elected in 1884?
When was republican incumbent Joseph McKenna first elected?
what is the lowest capacity in grodno
Which Score has January larger than 18 and a Record of 35–15–1?
How many starts are associated with an oldsmobile engine, 21 finishes and before 2001?
What was the finish associated with under 11 starts, a honda engine, before 2003?
what is the director of la ronde
What is the lowest number of people attending the game on May 30 with Colorado as the visitors?
What is the lowest number of people attending the game where Colorado was the home team?
What was the score of the game on May 26?
What is the lowest round that Adam Wiesel was picked?
What college, junior, or club team did defence player Rory Fitzpatrick play for?
What was the score for 1911?
what country has tiger woods
what country has a score of 69-70-72=211?
what player scored 69-72-68=209?
What is the largest number for earnings for tom watson when ranked more than 2?
Which 1st (m) is the lowest one that has a Nationality of aut, and Points larger than 273.5?
What is the highest number of wins associated with under 0 poles?
How many poles did he have in 2006 with under 2 wins?
What is the fewest number of wins when he has 3 poles in 2010?
What's listed for the 2012 that has a 2011 of 7.7% with a 2008 of 7.9%?
What is listed for the 2011 that has a 2005 of 4.2%?
What is listed for the 2012 that has a 2011 of 28.9%?
What is listed for the 2005 that has a 2012 of 4.2%?
What is listed the Favorite Professional Sport that's got a 2005 of 17.1%?
What is listed as the Favorite Professional Sport that has a 2008 of 8.9%?
What was the score of the game that led to a 79-77 record?
What was the record after the game in which Rosales (1-1) took the loss?
Which supercentenarians were born in Manitoba?
What is the average age as of February 1, 2014 for the supercentenarians born in the United States?
Which 2010 Tournament has a 2001 of grand slam tournaments?
Which 2006 Tournament has a 2004, and a 2002 of not tier i?
Which 2008 Tournament has a 2007 of a and a 2010 of qf?
Which Tournament has a 2002 of grand slam tournaments?
Which 2000 Tournament has a 2002 of not tier i, and a 2006 of 2r?
Which language's launch was in 2006 when then hanzi was 青海电视台藏语综合频道?
Which hanzi's name is nmtv mongolian satellite television?
Which hanzi's launch is before 2009, when the language was tibetan, and the name was qinghai tibetian general channel?
What Team had a 1:24.365 Qual 2?
What Team had a 1:24.152 Best?
What was Robert Doornbos' Best?
What was Alex Figge's Best?
What Team had a 1:25.602 Best?
What was the Name of the person with a Qual 1 of 1:26.056?
How many picks were there for the Bentley team?
What is the largest round number for Dan Connor, the player?
What is the largest round number for the dt position when the pick number is bigger than 181?
what circuit is in italy
What is the average pick for clarence mason?
What is the frequency for the city of Lamar, Colorado?
What is the average ERP W for callsign K207BK?
Which callsign has ERP W of 99 and a frequency of greater than 88.7MHz?
Which city has ERP W under 14 and a frequency over 93.7MHz?
What were the total number of field goals when there were 0 touchdowns and 2 extra points?
How many field goals did Carter get when he had 0 extra points?
What is the highest amount of extra points someone got when they scored 28 points but had 0 field goals?
What is the average field goal someone has when they have 0 extra points but more than 5 touch downs?
What is the lowest number of wins with more than 113 points in 4th rank?
How many wins had less than 91 points in 25th rank?
How many wins in 1992?
How many wins occurred for 6th rank?
Who was the constructor of the car driven by Heikki Kovalainen?
Which Reg Season has a Division of 2?
Which Year is the highest one that has a Reg Season of 3rd, western, and a Division larger than 2?
Which year is the lowest one when the playoffs did not qualify?
Which Year has a Reg Season of 3rd, western?
Which Division that has a Reg Season of 1st, western, and Playoffs of champions, and a Year smaller than 2013?
Who was the opponent during the game that had more than 31,891 people in attendance?
What is the average attendance for the game before week 4 that was on october 16, 1955?
Who was the opponent for the game on November 20, 1955?
What is the highest number of successful defenses in brandon, florida and a reign less than 1?
What was the date of the game against Norway with a 1:1 result?
What type of game had a 0:0 result?
What city held that game with a 5:2 result?
What is the score of the game that has a record of 1-2-1?
What is the team's record in games against the Hartford Whalers?
What was the Record on Week 13 at the Hoosier Dome?
What was the Week on October 18, 1992?
What loss has 16-6 as the record?
What loss has 4-2 as the record?
What attendance has astros as the opponent, and april 29 as the date?
Which Operator has a Width of 2.65 m, and a Type designation of m5000?
Which Width has a Number of vehicles larger than 15, and a Type designation of k5000?
Which Number of vehicles has a Type designation of u5-25 (bi-directional)?
Province of leinster, and a County of fingal has which irish name?
Irish name of an dún (contae an dúin) has what county town?
Most populous city/town of clonmel, and a Irish name of tiobraid árann (contae thiobraid árann) is which region?
Irish name of dún na ngall (contae dhún na ngall) has the most populous city/town?
Name the games for rubén limardo
Name the sport for men's light flyweight with medal of gold
Tell me the name for men's featherweight and sport of weightlifting
Which details of journey had simon hoggart as a narrator?
Which countries visited had an episode number of less than 7 when Ray Gosling was the writer?
How tall is Zipp Duncan?
What is the average games of Tony Dixon?
What is the total of wins where the top 25 is 6, top 10 is more than 2, and the event number is less than 19?
What is the total of cuts made where the top 25 is less than 6 and the top-5 is more than 0?
How many top-10 numbers had a top 25 of more than 6 with less than 2 wins?
Name the 2011 with 2010 of 1r and 2012 of sf
Name the 2008 with 2012 of 2r and 2006 of 2r
Name the 2008 for 2012 of sf
Name the 2013 for 2011 of 1r
Name the 2011 with 2006 of 2r and 2008 of 2r
Name the 2012 with 2013 of 2r and 2009 of 3r
How many Field goals have Points larger than 5, and Touchdowns larger than 2, and an Extra points smaller than 0?
How many Touchdowns have Extra points larger than 0, and Points of 48?
Which Touchdowns have an Extra points smaller than 5, and a Player of clark, and Field goals larger than 0?
Which Points have Touchdowns larger than 0, and an Extra points smaller than 0?
Which Semifinalists has a Champions of michael chang 6-0 6-4?
Whose Runner-up has a Semifinalist of guillermo pérez-roldán andrea gaudenzi?
Tell me the least season with level less than 1
What was the Attendance on September 11, 1983?
What was the Opponent during the game with a Result of W 37-21?
What was the Result on Week 8?
What is the lowest number of games with less than 1 loss?
What was the nationality of the skater with 108.8 points?
How many points for the skater from club btsc?
Which Original title has a Year of 1983, and a Country of italy?
How many years have an Original title of иваново детство?
Which Length has a Country of soviet union, and a Year larger than 1975?
What is listed as the lowest Year with a Wins that's smaller than 0?
What is listed for the Wins with a Year of 1989?
What is listed for the Class that's got a Team of Cagiva and Points of 4?
What is the number of Population 2001 Census that has 476,815 in Population 1991 Census?
What played has 3 as the losing bonus?
What is the try bonus that has llangefni rfc as the club?
What played has 247 as the points?
What try bonus has 19 as the tries against?
What points has 18 for the played and bala rfc as the club?
What try bonus has 18 as the played of and 204 as the points?
What record has montreal as the visitor, and february 2 as the date?
What record has February 25 as the date?
What date has boston as the visitor?
What score has vancouver as the home, and february 16 as the date?
Team of corinthians, and a Lost larger than 15 has which highest drawn?
Difference of - 20, and a Position smaller than 17 is the highest against?
Against smaller than 53, and a Drawn smaller than 10, and a Played smaller than 38 has what average points?
Which score was for Toronto Maple Leafs at home on November 12?
Which home team had a visitor of Chicago Black Hawks with a score of 2–3?
Who was home on November 26?
What was the visitor with a record of 5–8–4?
What was the average rank of a player with more than 52 points, fewer than 10 draws, a goal loss under 44, and a loss under 15?
What was the highest number of lose for a player named Santos with more than 45 points?
What report has a score of 0-0 with Sydney FC?
On what date was the score 0-0?
Which home team had the score 1-3?
Where did the away team have round 2?
When did the venue of round 3 happen?
What is the lowest density of a town with a 13,708 2011 population census ?
specific orbital energy of −29.8 mj/kg has what orbit?
Orbital period of 89 to 128 min has what specific orbital energy?
center-to-center distance of 6,900 to 46,300 km involves which orbital period?
What was the lowest FA Cup for a Malaysia Cup of 0?
What is Zamri Hassan's lowest Malaysia Cup when there were an FA Cup of 0?
What is the lowest league for the Malaysia Cup when it was larger than 0?
How many Bronze medals did Switzerland with less than 3 Silver medals receive?
What is the least amount of Silver medals that have more than 3 Bronze?
What is the average game for March 8 with less than 84 points?
What is the latest in March when the record of 35–16–6–3?
Name the competition for score of 3-0
Name the competition for september 10, 2008
Name the sscore for world cup qualifying october 15, 2008
Name the competition for november 19, 2008
Name the date for rio de janeiro
What number is Fall 08 from the state with 57 in Fall 06 and 74 or less in Fall 05?
What number is Fall 06 from the state with 79 or less in Fall 08, 36 or greater in Fall 07 and greater than 74 in Fall 05?
What number is Fall 06 from the state with 34 for Fall 09?
What was the record when the visitor was toronto maple leafs and the score was 3–10?
What was the score when the visitor was toronto maple leafs on march 22?
What was the Visitor when the home was toronto maple leafs and the score was 4–1?
How many total episodes aired over all seasons with 7.79 million viewers?
Was the semi-final round held at home or away?
Which opponent made it to the final round?
What was the result of the game played in hurst?
When did the game in whalley range take place?
Which ERP W is the lowest one that has a Frequency MHz of 91.3?
Which Class has a Frequency MHz of 107.5?
Which Frequency MHz is the highest one that has a City of license of byron, ga?
Which FCC info has a Call sign of wsja?
Which District has a Party of republican and a Result of lost re-election democratic gain?
What is First elected that has republican Party and a Result of retired democratic gain?
What is the First elected of california 3?
Which Incumbent has a Result of retired democratic gain?
Which First elected has a Incumbent of none (new seat)?
What is the First elected that has a republican party and california 4?
What was the result when Dundee was the opponent?
Who entered on day 1 and exited on day 20?
When did lucy benjamin exit?
When did camilla dallerup finish?
When did kim woodburn enter?
What was the score of the game with a record of 37–26–9?
What was the score of the game with a record of 33–25–9?
Loss of francis (4–9) has what highest attendance figure?
Loss of de la rosa (8–8) has what average attendance?
Loss of francis (4–10) happened on what date?
What was the score on 8 September 1999?
What was the result on 16 November 2003?
Which Set 1 has a Set 2 of 26–24?
Which Set 2 has a Date of 25 may, and a Set 3 of 21–25?
Which Date has a Set 3 of 21–25?
Which Set 1 has a Date of 24 may, and a Total of 57–75?
Which Set 2 has a Set 1 of 25–15, and a Score of 3–0?
Which Total has a Set 1 of 25–22?
What was the segment b for Netflix s01e21?
What segment d is associated with an episode number above 16 and a segment c of laser eye surgery?
What team had less than 291 total points whole having 76 bronze and over 21 gold?
What was the average rank for team with more than 44 gold, more and 76 bronze and a higher total than 73?
On what date was the team's record 61-66?
At what time was the game when they played the White Sox and had a record of 63-70?
What shows for gold when bronze is 1?
What is the gold number when the total is less than 8, silver less than 1 and the rank is more than 7?
What is the average Total for the Rank of 6, when Silver is smaller than 0?
Which Team wins has an Individual winner smaller than 1 and Total win larger than 1?
Which Team Win is from sweden and has a Individual win smaller than 1
Which channel did Going for Gold air on?
What channel is Gladiators on?
When did Going for Gold return in BBC One?
Which faith has a name of Belswains?
Which school is a primary school with DCSF number 2045?
Which position had fewer rounds than 3, and an overall of less than 48?
Which highest pick number's name was Adam Podlesh, when the overall was less than 101?
What is the IHSAA class in Batesville?
Which city is Lawrenceburg school, with an IHSAA football class of aaa and less than 676 enrollments, located in?
What school is in Brookville?
Which Score has a Record of 36–61?
Which Attendance has a Record of 34–51?
Which Loss has a Date of july 2?
Which tournament's 2001 and 2008 were a when 2010 was qf?
Which tournament's 2001 and 2006s were a?
Which 2007 had a 2009 taht was qf when its 2000 was a?
Which 2008 had a 1998 and 2006 that were a when 2009 was sf?
What is the number of floors for the Citic Square?
What is the height for the Shanghai World Plaza?
What week had a lower attendance than 51,423 but was still higher than the other weeks?
Which Vertices have a Dual Archimedean solid of truncated dodecahedron?
Which Edges have a Dual Archimedean solid of truncated icosidodecahedron, and Vertices larger than 62?
Which Faces have a Dual Archimedean solid of truncated icosahedron, and Vertices larger than 32?
Which Set 2 has a Set 3 of 20–25?
Which Total has a Set 2 of 20–25, and a Score of 1–3?
Which Set 3 has a Score of 3–2, and a Set 2 of 25–23, and a Time of 19:00?
Which Total has a Score of 1–3, and a Set 1 of 29–31?
Which Date has a Time of 11:00, and a Set 3 of 25–18?
Which Total has a Set 3 of 13–25?
What was the result for the best musical revival category?
Name the area served for on-air ID of abc canberra
Name the frequency with on-air ID of 1way fm
Name the purpose for on-air ID of 2xx
Name the frequency for community purpose and callsign of 1vfm
Name the band with frequency of 102.3
What was the loss of the game against with LA New Bears with a save of Mac Suzuki?
What was the date of the game with a save of ||3,073?
Which 2004 has a Tournament of french open?
Which 2003 has a 2013 of 1r, and a 2007 of 2r?
Which 2007 has a Tournament of grand slam sr?
Which 2008 has a Career Win-Loss of 25–40?
Which Career Win-Loss has a 2001 of 1–1?
Which 2012 has a 2007 of 1r, and a 2008 of 1r, and a 2013 of 2r?
What college or club did the round 9 draft pick from Canada come from?
Who is the player who was from Dynamo-2 moscow (rus) and was picked after round 5?
What position does the draft pick from Finland play?
What is the lowest round number that Ian Forbes was picked in the draft?
Who was the coach in 1953?
What is the Time of the game at Arrowhead Stadium with an NFL Recap of recap?
What was the Opponent at Arrowhead Stadium?
What was the Result of the game after Week 4 with a Time of 5:15 p.m. and a Record of 4–7?
When in November were they 11-7-3 with over 21 games?
What school had a team name of the Trojans?
What date was the Site michigan stadium • ann arbor, mi?
What is the site of the game with a Result of l7-33?
What is the name of the Opponent when the Result was w48-0?
What is the Date at memorial stadium • minneapolis, mn, and an Opponent of northwestern?
What is the Result of the game on 10/11/1930?
What is the total number of games played against the Buffalo Sabres?
Which April has Points of 95, and a Record of 41–25–10–3, and a Game smaller than 79?
How many Points have a Score of 1–3, and a Game larger than 82?
Which Game is the lowest one that has Points smaller than 92?
Which April is the smallest one that has a Score of 2–4, and a Game smaller than 76?
What is the high point total associated with a difference of 1 and 0 draws?
What position did the team finish in with a Difference of - 6, 3 losses, and over 4 draws?
Which round has the scorer of Di Matteo?
What is the lowest attendance of a game that has the result of 2-0?
What Metric value has a Unit of dolia?
What Russian has a Ratio of 40?
What Avoirdupois value has a Russian of берковец?
What Russian has an Avoirdupois value of 0.686 gr?
What Unit has a Ratio of 1/32?
What Ratio has a Unit of zolotnik?
What player from New Mexico plays the WR position?
What's the Uni# of Timms, who has bats of R?
What team were the Opponent in Game 29?
When did the woman who died at 31 first contact Hitlers?
What is the relationship of the woman who died at 96?
What is the lifespan of Stefanie Rabatsch?
What is Brendan Gaughan's Car #?
What is Mike Skinner's Chevrolet's Car #?
What is Driver Brendan Gaughan's Pos?
What was the 2009 value for a total over 1 and 4th on 2010?
What is the number of laps for the Time/Retired of +16.445?
What is the number of laps for the honda vehicle, with a grid of 13?
What is the name of the company that constructed the vehicle for Timo Glock?
What is the Grid for Rubens Barrichello?
What is the Time/Retired for the BMW Sauber, and Nick Heidfeld?
What were the total number of games in April greater than 83?
Which Games↑ is the lowest one that has a Position of wlb?
Which Games↑ is the lowest one that has a Number of 98?
What is the height of Josh Tabb?
What series episode has stetson hats (part 1) under segment C?
What is under segment C when s cuckoo clock is under segment B?
When segment B is s pineapple, what is the segment C?
What series episode has jukeboxes as segment B?
What week ended in a result of w 30-3, and had an attendance less than 62,795?
Which Format has a Catalog of 61298, and a Date of september 1984?
Which Format has a Catalog smaller than 61298?
What was the score of the game with 96 points?
What was the score of the game with a record of 34–17–11–2?
What was the record after the game at Rich Stadium?
When was the first cap associated with 74 caps?
How many goals are associated with over 97 caps and a Latest cap of april 24, 2013?
When was the first cap associated with 39 caps and under 33 goals?
What is the highest number of goals associated with 39 caps?
How many days in April has a record of 42–22–12–3, and less than 99 points?
Name the total number of points for 44 game and january more than 15
Which Date had a Result of 7–20?
Which Date had an Opponent of buffalo bills?
Which Kickoff had a Game Site of bank of america stadium?
Which Kickoff had a Game Site of fawcett stadium?
Which NFL Recap had a Kickoff of 7:00pm edt?
Which NFL Recap had a Record of 1–3?
What was the Record on Game 50?
what player score is higher than 17
Which opponent has an attendance of 17,015?
Which Frequency MHz is the highest one that has a Call sign of k241an?
Which ERP W is the highest one that has a Frequency MHz larger than 88.3, and a City of license of lewis, kansas?
Which FCC info has a ERP W smaller than 222, and a Call sign of k297ai?
Which City of license has a Call sign of k241an?
Which Class has an ERP W of 222?
What was the score on a clay surface in a year later than 2006 with David Ferrer as an opponent?
Which championship is in a year later than 2010 on a grass surface?
Which championship has Roger Federer as an opponent on a clay surface in a year earlier than 2007?
What is the largest attendance that has December 16, 1962 as the date?
What is the largest week that has t 35-35 as the result?
Name the total number of no result for losses more than 1 and played of 38 and wins less than 19
Name the sum of played with wins more than 19
Name the total number of losses with number result less than 0
Which Rank has Goals larger than 4, and a Scorer of oh seok-jae?
Which Goals is the lowest one that has Matches of 16, and a Scorer of park sang-in?
Which Club has a Rank of 1?
Which Goals have a Club of hallelujah fc, and a Rank of 7?
How many Extra points have Touchdowns larger than 2, and Field goals larger than 0?
Which Field goals is the highest one that has Touchdowns of 0, and Points larger than 4?
What is the grid number of Sandro Cortese, who has Aprilia as the manufacturer and less than 19 laps?
Which Rank has a Lost smaller than 12, and a Played larger than 20, and an Avg Points larger than 1.73?
Which Drew has a Rank of 5, and a Played larger than 30?
Which Rank has a Club of zulte waregem, and Points larger than 22?
Which Lost has Seasons of 2, and Goals against larger than 43?
Which Drew has a Lost larger than 14?
Which Record has a Week smaller than 15, and an Opponent of at new york jets?
Which Result has a Record of 5–4?
Which Record has a Time (ET) of 1:00pm, and an Opponent of kansas city chiefs?
What is the Hindi associated with a Domari of tærən?
What is the Lomavren associated with a Persian of se?
What is the Romani associated with a Domari of na?
What is the Domari associated with a Persian of yak, yek?
What is the Lomavren associated with a Hindi of sāt?
What is the Version before 2001 with a Length of 7:42?
In what Year is the length of the Song 7:42?
Which College/Junior/Club Team (League) has a Position of right wing, and a Round smaller than 3?
What is the orbital regime of launches greater than 4 and failures less than 2?
What is the total of medium earth orbital regime, accidentally achieved and successes greater than 3?
What is the greatest successes that have failures greater than 1 and launches less than 28?
What is the total failures of heliocentric orbit orbital regimes and launches less than 1?
What was the rank of tris speaker when BB/SO was 7?
What is the average rank for team cle when the BB/SO is 10.89?
What is the name of a partner that played on a hard surface on 18 April 2011?
What was the score for the final played on 2 July 2012?
What was the Score on February 18, 2008?
What was the Opponent on the game played on a Hard Surface with a Score of 3–6, 6–3, [7–10]?
On what Surface was the game with Partner David Martin played Scoring 4–6, 6–7 (4-7)?
What was the Outcome of the game with a Score of 3–6, 4–6?
What was the Partner on June 17, 2012?
What record has Glenn Robinson (16) as the leading scorer?
What date has 136-134 as the score?
What home has 136-134 as the score?
What is the most recent year that China won a bronze?
What is the oldest year that the location was at Guangzhou?
For how many years was the location at Beijing?
What location is previous to 1994?
What college(s) did the player(s) picked in round 4 with a pick number less than 98 play for?
What is the pick number for the player(s) drafted in round 8?
What position(s) did the player(s) with a pick number of 125 play?
What mean number of extra points was there when James Lawrence was a player and the touchdown number was less than 1?
What is the smallest amount of touchdowns when there is a total player and a number of field goals of more than 0?
On what Date were the Results¹ 4:0?
On what Date were the Results¹ 5:1?
On what Date were the Results¹ 4:0?
What is the pseudoknot prediction of the software named tfold?
What Chilean word is used for the Castilian word ordenador?
What is the Italian word for the Mexican word frijol?
What word would a Castilian speaker use for the Italian word auto(mobile)?
What word would a Castilian speaker use for the Italian word auto(mobile)?
How would an Italian say the Andalusian word coche?
Which Home has a Visitor of ny rangers, and a Series of flyers win 4–3?
Which Score has a Series of flyers lead 3–2?
Which Decision has a Date of april 25?
Which Decision has a Date of april 30?
Which Home has a Series of series tied 3–3?
Events of 22, and a Rank smaller than 4 involved which of the lowest earnings ($)?
Player of corey pavin, and a Rank larger than 4 involved which highest earnings ($)?
What is the mascot with an enrollment (2010) less than 980, and heritage as the school?
What is the class of the player with a weight of 242 pounds?
How many games were played by the player at FB?
Which Name has a Round smaller than 5, and a Pick # larger than 13?
Which Pick # has a Round smaller than 6, and an Overall larger than 13, and a College of penn state?
Which Name has an Overall of 235?
How many cosponsors have a Date introduced of may 22, 2008?
Which Congress has a # of cosponsors of 19?
On what date was a friendly match held at Auckland?
What were the goals at Sydney?
How many sets lost have a sets won less than 0?
What shows for IATA for the City of sapporo?
What is the ICAO when the IATA shows cts?
What is the Country when the IATA shows cju?
What is the ICAO when the IATA shows mfm?
What is the ICAO for Hong Kong?
What is the Airport when the ICAO shows rpvm?
What is the lowest goals for value with fewer than 5 draws and under 70 points?
What is the lowest goals against value for a team with 83 points and a difference over 50?
What is the earliest season that has a position over 12?
What is the average goals for with a position under 12, draws over 1, and goals against under 28?
Who was the Opponent with a Result of l 17–24?
What Date has a Result of l 21–34?
What Game Site has a Week smaller than 11, and a Date of october 21, 1973?
What is the value of the lowest Week with a Record of 2–9?
Who is the opponent for the game that occurred after week 13?
What day did the play on week 6?
Which tournament had a 2009 result of 1R?
Which tournament had a 2010 result of QF and a 2012 result of SF?
Which tournament had a result in 2010 and 2012 of a?
Who was third during round 6 in Rybinsk?
Who was third in round 14?
What was the venue with a 3.3km c prologue discipline?
Who was the winner on 28 December 2007?
Who was third at the 0.8km f sprint discipline?
What is the highest total cargo of an airport ranked larger than 19 with a code of BKK/VTBS?
What is the rank of the airport with the BKK/VTBS code?
Which Matches has champion Rank of 5?
Which Matches is on 24 march 1963 with a Rank larger than 44?
what game was on may 24
what game was on may 29
what team played on may 20 on the home side
what team played in game 2
Which Raison Blue has the highest nicotine?
For Raison Blue with a nicotine larger than 0.30000000000000004, what's the lowest quantity?
What was the result for the fil Paljas?
In what year was the rank less than 6 for Damac Heights?
What is the height for rank greater than 10 in Tameer Tower?
What was the earliest year with rank 20 and less than 60 floors?
What is the highest floors with rank greater than 1 in Conrad Dubai?
How many Laps have a Driver of satrio hermanto?
Which Time has a Grid of 19?
Which Grid is the lowest one that has a Team of germany, and Laps smaller than 45?
WHich team draft the player who went to college in Washington?
What position did the palyer drafted out of Washington play?
What is the average number of Gold medals when there are 5 bronze medals?
What is the highest amount of bronze medals when the rank was larger than 9?
What is the leowest number of Bronze medals for Jamaica who ranked less than 4 and had more than 0 silver medals and a total of less than 22 medals?
Nation of bulgaria, and a Place larger than 1 had what highest 3 Balls, 2 Ribbons?
5 Hoops that has a Place larger than 7, and a Total larger than 38.525 had what sum?
what voice acter played tien
what character did Laara sadiq play
what character did Masaharu satou play
what character did dave ward play
what character did naoko watanabe play
At what Location was Miss World 2009?
What is the score of the 1996 Emarate cup on March 25, 1996?
Which competition was on August 11, 1996?
Which competition was in Dubai?
What is the result of the match in Bangkok?
What is the date of the match with a result of 4-0?
What is the score of the match with a 4-0 result?
Which name has an overall number of more than 164, when the pick number is more than 2, the position is running back, and the round is 16?
Which college's round is more than 4, when the overall is less than 237 and Ted Cottrell was the name?
What is the smallest overall for Oregon State?
What is the class of the qb, Josh Riddell?
What position does Jamar Chaney play?
What hometown is Kyle love from?
Which Attendance has a Home of philadelphia, and Points smaller than 23?
Which Visitor has a Record of 9–12–5?
Which Date has a Visitor of boston?
What is the date for the grass surface final against Nathan Healey?
What was the score of the final against Dane Propoggia?
What was the total score when the E score was larger than 9.6 and the A score was 6?
What was the average E score when the T score was less than 4?
What was the average T score when the E score was larger than 9.6 and the team was from Spain?
What was the total number of A scores for Japan when the T score was more than 4?
What was the sum of the E scores when the total score was 19.466?
What is the total number of E scores when the total score was 19.7 and the A score was more than 6?
What is the highest number of draws with 14 points and less than 7 games?
What was the attendance at the game with a record of 4-5?
What was the date of the week 16 game?
What was the record at the game with a result of W 13-12 after week 4?
Who was the opponent at the game attended by 62,019 before week 17?
Name the surface for january 8, 2001
Name the outcome for jordan kerr july 19, 2004
Name the score for opponents of nathan healey igor kunitsyn
Name the outcome for opponents of jonas björkman john mcenroe
Name the surface for paul goldstein and date of october 2, 2006
Which Games have a Drawn smaller than 1, and a Lost smaller than 1?
Which Drawn is the lowest one that has a Lost of 5, and Points larger than 4?
Which Government has 57 seats?
How many seats does the 6th Dail have?
What is the number of the dail with 61 seats?
What is the lowest number of seats from the election with 27.0% of votes?
What is the 6th dail share of votes?
What was the highest week when the record was 1-3?
Who was the opponent at the game attended by 62,657?
What is the year built for the Fay No. 4?
Where the length is 91', what is the year built?
What is the address for the Scorpions' mascot?
What was the mascot for the 2013-2014 principal named Frank Hendricsen?
Who were the assistant and main principals of Kat Hughes?
What is the address for the school that has the coyotes mascot?
What is the result of the game played at Jinan?
What is the score of the game on November 10, 2006?
What is the date of the game held at Lahore?
What were the total number of entries in 2001 that had a front row smaller than 13?
What are the lowest entries for a front row smaller than 15 where Michael Schumacher was driving?
What was the highest front row starts for Alain Prost?
Which Against has Losses larger than 2, and Wins of 8, and Byes smaller than 0?
Which Draws have Wins larger than 14?
How many Losses have an NTFA Div 2 of perth, and Wins smaller than 10?
Which Byes have an Against smaller than 1647, and an NTFA Div 2 of fingal valley, and Wins smaller than 14?
How many grids were there races with more than 10 laps and a time of +34.121?
What is the smallest grid number that had 10 laps listed with Jonathan Summerton as the driver?
What is the average grid number that had Team China with less than 10 laps?
Which Creator has the Latest stable release of unknown, and a Name of myeclipse?
Which Platform / OS has a Name of altova umodel?
Which Programming language used has a First public release of 1997?
Which First public release has a Name of rational software modeler?
What is the College of Rice's highest overall for the guard position?
What is Tommy Nobis' position that has fewer than 16 picks?
What was the score when the Rangers were playing against the Vancouver Canucks?
Who were the opponents on January 27?
Who was the opponent for game number less than 47 and a record of 24-13-4?
What is the average january number when the game number was higher than 39 and the opponent was the Vancouver Canucks?
What is the Drawn number with a Points against of correct as of 08:50 10 may 2009?
What is the Tries against when lost shows 12 for pontycymmer rfc?
What is the Points against for the ystradgynlais rfc club?
What is the Club name what shows 405 for the Points against?
What shows for Try bonus when the points against are 451?
Which Pos has a Make of chevrolet, and a Driver of jack sprague, and a Car # smaller than 2?
How many Car numbers have a Driver of erik darnell, and a Pos smaller than 2?
Which Pos has a Car # of 33?
Which Pos has a Team of circle bar racing, and a Car # smaller than 14?
Which Pos has a Car # larger than 2, and a Team of billy ballew motorsports?
What Rank is the Director(s) of satoko okita?
What country is the film hi no tsugi ha rekishi from?
Which Director(s) made the film hanzubon no ojisan and received a prize of ¥300,000?
Which country did the Director(s) of kota nagaoka come from and win ¥300,000?
What Director won a prize of ¥2,000,000?
What Rank is the director of maximilian jezo-parovsky?
Who had the most high assists from Milwaukee?
Who scored the most point on December 13?
What's the Loss for the game that had a 22-24 record?
What was the date that Elvir Krehmic made a high jump record?
Which spine has 12 issues?
How many issues end on jan–72?
Which masthead ends on oct–69?
What is the game number held on May 2?
Which Season has a Postseason of promoted runner-up?
What is the attendance of the match with a record 20-11?
What is the date of the match with a 28-15 record?
Which opponent did they play against on April 16?
What circuit was after round 2 in Victoria?
What is the state the winning driver Jamie Whincup from in round 2?
What date in October did the Flyers play against the Toronto Maple Leafs?
What was the score of the game that had more than 8 points?
The round that had the final, what was the result?
Opponent of andry laffita had what score?
Opponent of igor samoilenco had what result?
Score of 33-22 had what round?
Round of first had what opponent?
Result of win, and a Score of 33-22 involved what event?
What were the lowest points of game 60?
What championship had Francesca Schiavone in the finals?
What is the total number of national titles for the team with doane tigers as the mascot?
Which year's crew is varsity 8+ when the record is 7-3?
What is the total number of win % when John Gartin is coach, the crew is varsity 8+, and the year is 2005?
What is the largest win percentage when John Gartin is coach, the record is 11-0, and the year is 2009?
What is the total of win percentages when the year is 2008 and the crew is varsity 8+?
What is the pick number for the tight end who was picked after round 6?
What is the lowest round for the player whose position is guard and had a pick number smaller than 144?
What was the position of terry jones whose pick number was after 256?
Which Loss has a Record of 30-32?
Which Attendance is the highest one that has a Record of 37-38?
Which Score has a Loss of buehrle (7-2)?
Which Overall is the average one that has a Pick # larger than 7, and a Round larger than 4, and a Name of glen howe?
Which Round is the lowest one that has a Pick # larger than 10, and a Position of tight end, and an Overall smaller than 132?
Which Round is the highest one that has an Overall of 32, and a Pick # smaller than 4?
How many Picks have a Round larger than 8, and a College of fresno state?
Which Overall is the highest one that has a College of oklahoma, and a Pick # smaller than 4?
What is the result of the match on 30 July 2004?
What is the result of the match on 3 March 2004?
What is the score of the friendly match?
Which Week had a Result of w 10-0, and an Attendance smaller than 58,571?
Which Week had a Result of w 23-17?
What was the Attendance on october 2, 1977?
Bronze of 2, and a Silver smaller than 0 then what is the sum of the gold?
Smaller than 4, and a Silver larger than 0, and a Rank of 3, and a Bronze smaller than 6 then what is the sum of the gold?
Total larger than 3, and a Rank of 4, and a Silver larger than 0 has what average gold?
Total smaller than 10, and a Gold larger than 1 then what is the lowest silver?
What was the date of the week 9 game?
What class has over 0 wins and 42 points?
What team was the bike with a 350cc class, over 2 points, and 1 win?
What is the earliest year associated with 0 wins and 42 points?
What Nationality has the Player of Marcus Walker?
What Season is listed for the Player of Jon Stefansson?
Which Team has the Player of A.J. Moye?
What Position does the Team of KR and the Player of Marcus Walker have listed?
What building is in ljubljana, proposed in 2010, and has 15 floors?
What is the Revenue per capita for Vermont?
What state has a Net contribution per capita of $-171?
Who is the PBA team with Mlqu college?
Who is the player with the PBA team of Barangay Ginebra Kings?
Who was the opponent on April 28?
What is the highest position the album Where we belong, which had an issue date higher than 9, had?
What is the highest position Talk on Corners, which had an issue date greater than 1, had?
What is the highest sales All Saints had?
Who is the Driver that has Car Model Commodore VS?
What Car Model has the Manufacturer of Saab, and Driver Dean Randle?
Who is the Driver with the Team of P & L Mechanical Services?
What Car Model has the Engine of Ford 6.0 V8?
What Team has the Engine of Chevrolet 6.0 V8, the Manufacturer of Opel, and the Driver Chris Jackson?
What is the Segment A entry for the episode that has an entry of Diesel filters for Segment D?
What is the series episode number that is larger than 262 and has a Segment A entry of Aluminium s canoe?
Which First elected has a District of south carolina 2?
Which Incumbent has a First elected larger than 1884?
What is the English title with a Director named ang lee?
What is the Original title with a Country that is canada?
Which Architecture and modelling has a Unit test of no, and a Projects templates of limited?
which MSDN integration has a Load testing of no, and a Test impact analysis of no?
Which Unit test has a MSDN integration of full, and a Projects templates of yes?
Which Intelli Trace has a No Extension and Windows Phone development of no?
Which Projects template has an IntelliTrace of no, and a Windows Phone development of yes, and a Test impact analysis of no?
Which MSDN integration has a IntelliTrace of yes?
During what Years of Operation was the location prospect 33 prospect ave?
What is the location of the ivy club?
What is the Sign-in/Bicker at wash50 on washington rd?
When was the Clubhouse built with a Sign-in/Bicker of bicker, and Named cannon club?
Which Sign-in/Bicker is at of wash50 on washington rd?
Which Historical Photos were taken at prospect 43 prospect ave?
What is the 1st leg of team 1 Lyon?
What is the 1st leg of team 1 Liverpool?
How many events resulted in a top-25 less than 2?
What is the smallest number of wins for a top-25 value greater than 5 and more than 38 cuts?
How many bronze medals did Chinese Taipei win with less than 0 gold?
How many silver medals had a rank of 3 with bronze larger than 0?
How many silver medals does China have?
Which Position has Losses of 11, and a Played larger than 22?
How many Wins have a Scored smaller than 24, and a Conceded larger than 25, and Draws larger than 5, and a Position smaller than 9?
How many Points has a Position of 8?
How many Wins has a Scored of 27 and Draws smaller than 5?
Which Position has  Draws smaller than 7 and a Played larger than 22?
Which Played has a Scored larger than 25 and a Position of 1, and Draws smaller than 5?
When was the player with 51 caps from a Club/province of clermont born?
How many Episode Counts have an Actor of liz carr?
Which Years have a Character of dr trevor stewart?
Which Series has an Actor of tom ward?
How many picks involved the player Joe Germanese?
Which player's pick number was 25?
What team did the Montreal Canadiens visit when the record was 0-3?
What was the score on April 23?
What team did the Chicago Black Hawks visit on April 20?
How many Games have a Drawn larger than 0, and a Lost of 1?
Which Points have a Drawn larger than 0, and a Lost larger than 1?
Which Drawn has a Lost larger than 0, and Points smaller than 11, and Games smaller than 7?
What is the percentage of the liberal party with less than 25 percent of seats?
Which party won less than 21 seats, has 0 percent of seats, and 69757 votes cast?
Can you tell me the Date that has the Game of 2?
When the date is July 8, and the score is 8-12, who is the opponent?
When the Loss is Johnson (4-12), what is the date?
What date is associated with the Loss of Farrell (6-13)?
Which opponent has the score of 0-3?
What is the Total of kyrgyzstan with a Silver smaller than 0?
What is the Total that has a number of Nation and a Gold smaller than 16?
Which Rank has a Silver larger than 1 and a Total larger than 13?
How many Silvers that have a Rank of 2?
What was the previous conference for the school that joined in 2000 with a millers mascot?
What is the name of the college that is from a round greater than 3 with Gillis Wilson playing?
What is average round of Auburn College?
Which Top 10 is the lowest one that has Winnings of $405,300, and an Avg Start smaller than 30?
How many Wins have a Top 5 smaller than 0?
Which Top 10 has a Top 5 larger than 1, and a Year of 2003, and Poles larger than 0?
How many Top 10s have Wins larger than 0, and Poles larger than 0?
What is the Established date of the Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League with more than 1 Championship?
What Venue has more than 1 Championship and was Established after 1957?
With less than 1 Championship, what es the Established date of the Niagara Rugby Union League?
What is the Established date of the Brian Timmis Stadium?
What is the junior type with an intake of 60 and a DCSF number less than 3386 with the smallest Ofsted number?
Which Record has a Game smaller than 19, and Points smaller than 19, and a Score of 4–6?
How many games have a Record of 7–6–3, and Points smaller than 17?
Which Points have an Opponent of vancouver canucks, and a November smaller than 11?
which Record is on March of 12
What is the number of March that has 25-10-9 record and a Game more than 44?
Which Game has a Record of 27-11-10?
What is the Speed when Construction begun in 2010, and an Expected start of revenue services of 2015?
What is the length when the expected start of revenue is more than 2017?
What was the undecided with Roy Barnes at 47%?
What is the DuBose Porter with Roy Barnes at 54%?
What series episode has deli meats under segment B?
Which After 1 year has an After 3 years of 80%?
What position does Alexei Lazarenko have?
What college did Jamie Butt go to?
What school did Alexander Korobolin go to?
Who has a round less than 9 and a position of G?
Name the sum of cuts with wins less than 2, top-25 more than 7 and top-10 less than 2
What was the score that led to an 11-16 record?
Who took the loss on May 20?
What was the attendance of the game that lasted 3:55?
What was the date of the game in which Holt (4-4) took the loss?
What was the date when the pitcher was Jason Marquis and the length was 410'?
What number home run was in the 8th inning and went 410'?
Which Max 1-min wind mph (km/h) that has Dates active on september22– september28?
Which Min press has none Death and seven Storm names?
What is the cost of 972 Min Press caused 52 death?
What is the active Date that has a 65 (100) Max 1-min wind?
What is the Class AA in the 2010-11 school year with a class AAA of Giddings?
What is the Class AA of the school year 2009-10 with a class AAA of Giddings?
What is the class AAA of the 1993-94 school year with a class AAAAA of Duncanville?
Who was the visiting team on May 7?
Who had a Qualifying 2 time over 58.669 for Team Australia?
Which qualifying 1 time has a best under 58.669 and a qualifying 2 time under 57.897?
Which team has a qualifying 2 time under 59.612 and a best of 59.14?
Which Lungchang has a Halang of ʒɯ², and a Rera of ʒo²?
Which Tikhak has a Yonguk of wu¹ti¹?
Which Yonguk has a Halang of ran¹?
Which Halang has a Rera of ʒo²?
Which Muklom has a Halang of wɯ¹cʰi¹?
Which Hakhun has a Tikhak of ʒu²?
What is the location of Tamagaki station with an l stop?
What is the station with a number greater than 9 and a distance of 16.4 km?
What is the Japanese name of the station with a number 3?
What is the distance of Kawage station?
Which station has a number less than 5 and an l stop?
Name the visitor for detroit on february 24
What is the highest listed year for the partner of Marcel Granollers and a hard surface?
What is the listed surface for the Championship of Toronto that had a runner-up outcome?
What time was the game during week 5?
Which City has a Series of Tamra's oc wedding?
What is the average number of points for a difference of 55 and an against less than 47?
What is the highest lost that has an against greater than 60, points less than 61 and an 18 drawn?
What is the Name of the Historic House of the 18th Century?
What is the Type of castle from the 14th Century which Condition is preserved?
What is the Name of the private Castle of the 16th century which is occupied?
What is the Date of the castle with a Historic Scotland Ownership?
What is the Date of the Fortified House?
What is the Date of the Courtyard Castle?
What is the highest lost that has 6 for points?
How many losses have points less than 3, with a drawn greater than 0?
Which Margin of victory has a Runner(s)-up of buddy gardner?
Which Date has a Winning score of –14 (66-64-68-68=266)?
Which Tournament has a Winning score of e (72-69-71-68=280)?
Which Margin of victory has a Runner(s)-up of dave barr?
Which Margin of victory has a Runner(s)-up of mark o'meara?
In round 9 what was the nationality?
In round 3 what was the position?
Who has a nationality of Czech Republic and a position of right wing?
What is the highest winning pct from a team with wins less than 22, losses greater than 4, ties less than 2 and games started greater than 11?
Gold that has a Rank of 6, and a Bronze larger than 0 had what total number of gold?
Total of 5 had what bronze?
In which tournament did he place 20th?
What the result for the hypo-meeting tournament in 1994?
What was the result in 1995?
After March 19, what's the score of game 67?
Who is the head linesman of the game on 1 February 2009?
What is the date of the game where the line judge was Bob Beeks, the head linesman was Jerry Bergman, and Paul Baetz was the back judge?
Which game was on 14 January 1973?
Who was the line judge at the game where Scott Green was referee?
Who is the head linesman at game xxxv?
What game had Al Jury as field judge?
What's listed for Departure that has 1676 listed for the Kilometers?
What is the sum of Kilometers that has a Station Code of KGQ?
What's the Kilometers listed that also has the Station Code of Kuda?
What's listed for the Station Code that has the Arrival of 02:20?
What is listede for Departure that also has a Station Code of CLT?
What is the smallest area with 45 population?
What is the area located in Rhode Island with more than 38 sq mi area?
What is the average area in New York that is larger than 55 sq mi?
Which event was in Tokyo, Japan and had an opponent of rumina sato?
Which round was 2:30?
Which event had the opponent of shinya aoki and was at 4:56?
Which method did pride bushido 10 have ?
Which 2008–09 has an Event of autumn gold?
Which Drawn has a Team of internacional-sp?
How much Lost has a Drawn larger than 5, and a Played larger than 18?
Which Drawn is the highest one that has a Played smaller than 18?
Which Drawn is the highest one that has an Against larger than 15, and Points smaller than 15, and a Lost smaller than 9?
What's the least amount of floors at 921 sw sixth avenue?
What's the address of the union bank of California tower?
What were the years that the building at 200 sw harrison was considered to be the tallest building?
What is the smallest position with less than 7 points piloted by Didier Hauss?
During what Season was the Final Venue at Sandy Lane with Kiveton Park as the Winner?
What was the Runner-up during the 2005-06 Season with Kiveton Park as the Winner?
What was the Result in Green Lane with Kirkburton as the Runner-up?
What was the Result in the 2005-06 Season?
What was the Final Venue having Sheffield Reserves as the Winner?
What is the total number of Round that has a Time of 6:04?
What Round has the Method of Submission (Single Wing Choke)?
Which Class has a Frequency MHz larger than 91.5, and a City of license of hyannis, nebraska?
Which Class has a ERP W larger than 205, and a Frequency MHz smaller than 93.9, and a Call sign of k210cb?
Which Frequency MHz that has a ERP W larger than 205, and a Call sign of k230ap?
Which Frequency MHz has a ERP W of 250?
What was the date of game 81?
WHich Surface has an Opponent of gustavo kuerten?
Which Surface has a Tournament of st. petersburg , russia?
When is the Surface of hard (i), and a Tournament of brighton , united kingdom taken?
Which Opponent  has a Score of 3–6, 5–7?
When has a Tournament of palermo , italy?
Which Opponent is on 29 september 1997?
Which constellation has hd 75732 as a destignation HD?
What message has hd 186408 as a designation HD?
What date sent has cygnus as a constellation, and hd 190360 as a designation HD?
What date sent has orion as the constellation?
Which constellation has cosmic call 1 as the message, and an arrival date of october 2067?
What date sent has cancer as the constellation?
Which Conceded is the highest one that has Points larger than 17, and a Team of guaraní, and Losses smaller than 6?
Which Conceded has Draws smaller than 5, and a Position larger than 6?
How many Points have a Played larger than 18?
Which Scored has a Team of recoleta?
Which Notes have a Date of 2008-01-27?
Which Date has a Distance of 3,000 m?
Which Distance has a Time of men's speed skating?
Which Location has a Time of time?
Which Location has a Distance of 10,000 m?
Which Date has a Distance of 500 m?
What was the score for the June 22 game with attendance 0?
What type of surface was used for the carthage tournament on august 14, 1994?
Which tournament has marielle bruens for the opponent in the final?
What surface was used on may 13, 2007?
Frequency MHz of 93.7 has what class?
What is the average Entre Ríos Municipality with less than 9 Pojo Municipalities?
What is Pocona Municipalities with 72 Totora municipalities and more than 74 pojo municipalities?
What is the highest chimore municipalities with 9 pojo municipalities and less than 7 totora municipalities?
Which Copa Libertadores 1996 has a Team of estudiantes?
which CONMEBOL 1995 has a Supercopa 1995 of sf?
which Copa Libertadores 1996 has round 1 Supercopa 1995 and argentinos juniors team ?
Which CONMEBOL 1995 has river plate team?
Which Team  has a round 1  CONMEBOL 1995?
Which Date has an Attendance of 57,013?
Which Date has a TV Time of cbs 1:00pm, and a Game Site of rca dome, and an Opponent of cincinnati bengals?
Which TV Time has a Date of december 26, 1999?
Which Game Site has a Date of october 17, 1999?
what's the result with streak of won 6?
What was the 2nd leg score having an aggregate score of 4-2?
What was the home team for the 2nd leg of the match having an aggregate of 2-3?
What is the lowest number of played games of the team with less than 12 drawns, 41 against, and less than 69 points?
What is the highest number of played of the team with less than 11 losses and less than 12 drawns?
What is the sum of againsts the team with less than 38 played had?
What is the average drawn of the team with a difference of 4 and more than 13 losses?
What is the position of the team with more than 16 losses and an against greater than 74?
What is the highest number of points team vitória, which had more than 38 played, had?
When the A Score was larger than 5.933 with a total of 19.833, what nation was this?
How large was the total when the E Score was greater than 9.35 and T Score was less than 4?
What was the quantity of the A Score when the E Score was larger than 9.566 in the Greece and the T score was more than 4?
What was the total of A Score when the E Score was greater than 9.383, total was less than 19.716 and the T Score was larger than 4?
Which city has a frequency of 104.5 fm?
What is the frequency of Walterboro, SC?
What is the FCC information of 104.5 fm frequency?
What is Charleston, SC ERP W?
What does the ERP W sum equal for 105.1 fm frequency?
What is surfside beach, SC frequency?
What is the player from Japan's To Par?
What is the player from England's To Par?
What is the player from England's score?
Which country does Adam Scott play for?
Name the ICAO for lilongwe international airport
Name the airport for ICAO of flls
Name the ICAO for lilongwe international airport
Name the ICAO for julius nyerere international airport
Name the country for johannesburg
Name the city for IATA of llw
What is the name of the home time with a 10 tie no?
What was the date of the game that was played against the away team of York City?
What group of juventus had an attendance larger than 47,786?
Name the average week for result of l 28–17
What was the score on April 12?
Which 2009 has a 2008 of A, and a 2010 of 4r?
Which 2009 has a 2008 of wta premier mandatory tournaments?
Which 2010 has a Tournament of australian open?
Which 2007 has a 2006 of A, and a Tournament of canada?
Which 2009 has a 2006 of A, and a 2011 of sf?
Which 2007 has a 2010 of A?
What's Adam's score when Jade's score is greater than 5 and Peter's score is less than 0?
Old Scotch had less than 9 losses and how much against?
Of the teams that had more than 0 byes, what was the total number of losses?
Who was the incumbent in the 20th district?
Which party has the 6th district?
Which party has Ken Cuccinelli as an incumbent?
Which party was elected in 2003 with incumbent Mark Obenshain?
Which incumbent was in the 24th district?
Name the sum of laps for mi-jack conquest racing and points less than 11
Name the points with grid more than 8 and time/retired of +47.487 secs
Name the team with laps of 97 and grid of 3
Name the sum of grid with laps more than 97
What are the most wins in 1971 in 250cc class?
What is the earliest year with less than 45 points for Yamaha team in 21st rank?
How many Ends Won have Blank Ends smaller than 14, and a Locale of manitoba, and Stolen Ends larger than 13?
Which Skip has Ends Lost larger than 44, and Blank Ends of 10?
How many Stolen Ends have Ends Lost smaller than 44, and Blank Ends smaller than 7?
What is the current status for GM Advanced Design with more than 41 seats?
What is the quantity with more than 45 seats and MCI make?
What is the largest number of seats with more than 32 of a MCI make?
What is the smallest number of seats in a vehicle currently retired and in quantities less than 8?
What is the smallest number of seats in a retired vehicle that was started in service in 1981?
What is Trevard Lindley's height?
What is Ashton Cobb's class in Game 2?
What is the earliest game with a position of Re and a smaller number than 95?
Which Seattle quarterback has more than 81 career wins and less than 70 team wins?
What is Mike Harris' lowest overall?
What is the highest pick # that has a 228 overall and a round less than 7?
What value has negative infinity?
What's the exponent field that has 255 exp and value of +∞?
What's the type of 0.0 value?
What's the Significant of a value 1.0?
What is the lowest round of the pick #8 player with an overall greater than 72 from the college of temple?
What is the lowest overall of the wide receiver player from a round higher than 5 and a pick lower than 7?
What is the overall of the running back player?
What is the general classification when the team classification is japan?
Which stage had tabriz petrochemical team in the team classification?
Which stage had suhardi hassan in the Malaysian rider classification?
How many drawn have points of 6 and lost by fewer than 4?
What was the earliest game with a record of 23–6–4?
What was the earliest game with a record of 16–4–3?
Which ERP W is the highest one that has a Call sign of w255bi?
Which FCC info has a Frequency MHz of 100.7?
How much Frequency MHz has a Call sign of w264bg?
Which ERP W is the lowest one that has a Call sign of w233be?
Which FCC info has a Frequency MHz larger than 102.3?
What date was Rica head of household?
What is the latest task number for which Cathy is head of household?
Who is the head of household for task number 7?
Which task had Cathy as the hand grenade user?
What is the task number on January 22, 2010 (day 111)?
What was the record in the win 7 streak?
What was the score when the opponent was Detroit Pistons?
What is the date when streak was won 8?
What trips are operated by Atlantic coast charters?
What was the average week of a game with a result of l 10-7 attended by 37,500?
What was the average attendance on October 30, 1938?
When did Yugoslavia play a friendly game in Belgrade?
When was the WC 1974 Qualifying game?
What city did Yugoslavia play Norway in?
Who did Yugoslavia play against that led to a result of 2:3?
What is the final score of the runner-up on 9 February 1992?
Which opponent has a time of 1:50?
Which opponent has a time of 2:35?
What is the time when the opponent is stephanie palmer?
What tournament has Samantha Stosur as the opponent in the final?
What date is the zürich, switzerland tournament?
What is the date of the Sydney, Australia tournament with a hard surface?
Which Result has a Date of 4 april 1993?
Which Venue has a Result of 5-1, and a Score of 3-0?
Which Score has a Result of 5-1?
Which Venue has a Result of 5-1, and a Score of 1-0?
Which Venue has a Result of 5-0?
What did winner Gary Player par?
How many PATAs does an nForce Professional 3400 MCP have?
Which PCI-Express has a DDR 266/333/400 Registered/ECC memory and Enhanced AC'97 2.3 sound?
Which FSB/HT frequency (MHz) has a SATA larger than 6 and DDR 266/333/400 Registered/ECC memory?
Which network has model nForce Professional 3400 MCP?
What model has an engine of 1,868 cc?
What College team has 8 rounds?
What nationality is Daryn Fersovich?
What day was the ground subiaco?
What was the crowd size for the Home team of melbourne?
Which Score has a Couple of cristián & cheryl, and a Style of cha-cha-cha?
Which Score has a Couple comprised of jason & edyta, and a Style of freestyle?
Which music is jive?
Which Couple has a Result of third place, and a Style of cha-cha-cha?
Which Score has a Result of third place, and a Style of cha-cha-cha?
Which Music has a Score of 30 (10, 10, 10), and a Style of cha-cha-cha?
What is the Australian National Kennel Council Toy Dogs Group with papillon as the Kennel Club breed?
What is the New Zealand Kennel Club Toy Group with papillon as the Australian National Kennel Council Toy Dogs Group breed?
What is the Canadian Kennel Club Toy Dogs Group with the australian silky terrier as the Australian National Kennel Council Toy Dogs Group breed?
What is the Kennel Club (UK) Toy Group with the shih-tzu as the American Kennel Club Toy Group breed?
What prize amount was awarded at the event with 453 entrants?
What were the overall event results when Michael Demichele was runner-up?
What was the fewest entrants in an event won by Grant Hinkle?
How many entrants did the events won by Frank Gary average?
What medal was won in the 1996 Atlanta games in wrestling?
Who won a medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics?
What event did Cristina Iovu participate in?
At which games was a bronze medal won in the 94kg men's weightlifting event?
Which sport has 94kg men's weightlifting as one of its events?
What is the Name of the Quarterback with a Pick # less than 11?
What is donovan's surname?
How many throws did james get?
When is Biddle's DOB?
Who is the opponent of the game with 33,628 folks in attendance?
What is the loss of the game with 38,062 folks in attendance?
What is the score of the game that 33,531 people went too?
What is the date of the game with 38,062 people in attendance?
What is Brendan Locke's College/Junior/Club Team (League)?
What League's Round is Sup and Position is Right Wing?
In what Round is the Position Goaltender?
In what League is Left Wing Yanick Dupre?
In what League in Round 6 is the Position Right Wing?
In what Round is John Parco a Center?
Which team had 15 draws?
Which season had 16 losses for the Hampshire team?
Which season had 0 wins and 5 losses for the Surrey team?
Which season had 10 draws?
How many draws did Durham have?
How many wins happened with 8 draws?
What was the grid of Jenson Button?
Who was the constructor of the car that went 56 laps and had a grid of 15?
Who was the contstructor of the car having a grid of 20?
What was the time of the car having a constructor of Renault, which went 40 laps?
Who constructed the car that had a grid of 6?
Can you tell me the sum of Podiums that has the Season of 2006, and the Races larger than 16?
Can you tell me the sum of FLap that has the Pole larger than 0, and the Podiums of 6?
Name the home with record of 33-18-9
Name the score for detroit home and record of 33-18-9
Name the score for toronto visitor and record of 29-17-8
Name the home for detroit visitor and date of february 29
Which Music has a Record label of moviebox/ speed records / music waves?
Which Year is the highest one that has a Record label of supertone melodies?
Which Record label has an Album of tera roop?
Which Record label has an Album of rambo?
Which Info has an Album of romeo?
What was the average attendance when the record was 58–49?
What was the attendance when the score was 8–7?
What was the attendance for july 18?
How many strokes to par when the score is 1 up?
Name the series for game 5
Name the site for game of game 2
Name the site with game of game 6
Name the series with game of game 6
What is the location attendance from Dwyane Wade (27) high points?
What was the high assists from a high points of dorell wright (20)?
What was the high rebounds from the date of April 14?
For the year 1975, what is Propulsion, with a Number (quantity ordered) of 4756-4788 (33 buses)?
What year was the diesel fuel propulsion, with a length of 40', and numbers (quanity ordered) of 3701-3729 (29 buses), retired?
What is the location attendance of the game with a 27-22 record?
What is the location attendance of the game on February 25?
What's the largest Fall 08 number when fall 09 is less than 82, fall 06 is 5, and fall 05 is less than 3?
What is the mean Fall 09 number where fall 05 is less than 3?
What is the sum amount of fall 05 when fall 08 is more than 5, fall 06 is more than 7, the state is Maryland, and fall 09 is more than 471?
What's the smallest fall 05 number when fall 09 is less than 14 and fall 08 is more than 5?
What is in the notes for men's speed skating?
What's the date when the location is Berlin?
What's the location for men's speed skating?
What's the location when the notes area is notes?
What is the notes left for Berlin?
Which is located in Angola and entered service in 1988?
What type entered service in 2000?
What is the water depth of Sedco 702, located in Nigeria?
Which is located in Nigeria?
Which type entered service in 1976/1997 and is located in Brazil?
Where is Transocean Richardson, a semi entered into service in 1988?
What is the total number of Yds/Att where Net Yds was 1818, and Rank was larger than 1?
What is the lowest Rank when Attempts was 319, and the Year was larger than 2000?
What is the total number of Attempts when Rank was larger than 4, and Net Yds was smaller than 1674?
What is the new conference for the Gauchos team?
What is the new classification for La Mirada, California?
What is the tenure for the Tritons team?
Which opponent was present on March 28?
What is the mean game number when the points scored were more than 99?
Who is the opponent in game 7?
What day in December was the game before game 11 with a record of 7-2-2?
What is the day in December of the game against the Boston Bruins?
What is the average day in December of the game with a 8-2-3 record?
How many seats have a quantity over 45?
Which owner has 84 seats?
Which deliver has 16 and a standing more than 128?
What is the host city that has Alicia Keys listed as a host?
What is the host city of the Singapore Indoor Stadium venue and a Valentine's Day theme?
What year will Bangkok be the host city and Alicia Keys host?
Who are the hosts from the event with a theme of codehunters and the host city of Bangkok?
Who are the hosts for the 2004 event?
What date has a margin of victory of 1 stroke over Greg Kraft?
What was the margin of victory over Steve Rintoul?
What was the margin of victory over Brad Faxon?
What years show Model of 2.0 tdi (cr) dpf?
What is the power for model  2.0 tdi (cr) dpf, and a Years of 2010–2011?
What is the torque for Model of 2.0 bitdi (cr) dpf, in 2010–?
What is the engine for model 2.0 bitdi (cr) dpf, with a Torque of n·m (lb·ft) @ 1500–2000 rpm?
What is the Court Rank of Son of Norihiro's Lineage?
Name the 1811 for 1801 of 1801
Name the 1861 with 1851 of 5291
Name the 1901 with 1851 of 1961
Name the 1821 with 1811 of 1921
Name the 1821 with 1861 of 3733
What's the sum of the Area (KM 2) that's got a Population that's smaller than 90?
What's the lowest Code that's got a Most Spoke Language of Xhosa, a Place of Addo Elephant National Park, and an Area (KM 2) that's smaller than 1.08?
What is the score at game 31?
What is the Grid for Rider Ruben Xaus?
What was the number of Laps with a Grid of more than 3 and Time of 39:24.967?
What Rider had a Time of +1:08.291?
Using a Ducati 999 F06 Bike, how many Laps with a Grid greater than 11 and Time of +53.488?
When was there a record of 13–17–3?
What record was made in vancouver on December 8?
What was the home who had California visiting?
What's the score on December 1 when Philadelphia visited?
What was the type of game with a 1:6 result?
Who was the opponent at the game in Belgrade with a 0:2 result?
What city held the game with a result of 1:0?
What type of game had a result of 1:2?
What was the result of the game against Hungary?
Who was the Radio Edit Version remixed by?
What was the Version prior to 1996?
What is the Date of Catalog 573 194-2?
What is the Label of the release in CD Maxi Format?
What is the Catalog number of the CD Single?
Which Make has a Pos larger than 9?
Which Pos has a Driver of brian scott (r)?
How many Pos have a Driver of todd bodine, and a Car # larger than 30?
Which Car # has a Make of toyota, and a Pos of 7?
How many track numbers were recorded on November 16, 1959 for the title of I Couldn't Hear Nobody Pray?
On what date was My Lord What a Mornin' recorded?
What is the average track number 3:25 long and a title of Great Getting up Mornin'?
WHich Date has a Record of 2–7–0–1?
Who is the Visitor on march 16?
Which Record is on november 16?
What is the Home on december 10?
WHich Score has a Date on november 11?
Which Record has a Date on december 18?
What visitor has march 26 as the date?
What visitor has detroit red wings as the home, and march 30 as the date?
What record has chicago black hawks as the visitor and march 23 as the date?
What record has march 30 as the date?
What is the unanimous result of the player from Michigan Dartmouth?
What is the position of the player with a unanimous no result without a college hall of fame?
What is the school of the player with a college hall of fame nevers hof profile?
What is the school of the player who plays ends?
What is the college hall of fame of the player who plays fullback?
What is the position of the player from Dartmouth Ohio State?
What is the English title of the film Directed by Jayme Monjardim?
What was the Director with a Ceremony of 2001?
When have a Save of ||20,599||32-37?
Which Save is on June 15?
Which Score has a Opponent of Boston red sox and a Save of sager?
When has an Opponent of at Seattle mariners?
When is the Save of Ayala and a Loss of Olivares
Which Tournament has a Partner of martín rodríguez?
How many Touchdowns have Field goals larger than 0?
Which Extra points is the highest one that has a Player of herrnstein, and Points smaller than 30?
Which Touchdowns is the lowest one that has Extra points smaller than 14, and a Player of white, and Points smaller than 5?
Which Touchdowns is the lowest one that has Points of 5, and a Field goals larger than 0?
Which Points is the lowest one that has Touchdowns smaller than 1?
What is the Location of the Bowl in 2006?
At what Location was the Attendance 70,283?
What was the Bowl game in San Francisco, CA after 1968?
What team has a yamaha constructor with all rounds?
What rounds did rider Mika Kallio with a Ducati constructor have?
Who is the rider of Scot Racing team with a Honda constructor and rounds 6-17?
What is the rounds of rider Mika Kallio 1 of the Ducati Marlboro team?
Who was the opponent for the game taht was before week 5 on October 10, 1954?
What is the average attendance for the game that was after week 4 and on November 14, 1954?
After December 19, what is the Game number with a Record of 21–4–7?
What were the Points in the game with a Score of 2–7?
What's the lowest bronze with a 6 rank, smaller than 5 gold, and a total of more than 1?
What's the Bronze cumulative number for less than 0 gold?
Which average Lost has an Against larger than 19, and a Drawn smaller than 1?
Which average Against has Drawn of 3, and Points larger than 9, and a Team of portuguesa?
Which average Against has Points of 6, and a Played smaller than 9?
Which average Points have a Position of 7, and a Lost smaller than 4?
Which average Points have a Lost larger than 2, and Drawn larger than 2, and a Difference of 0?
Which Touchdowns have an Extra points of 0, and Points larger than 5, and a Player of curtis redden?
How many Extra points have Touchdowns of 1, and a Player of ross kidston, and Points smaller than 5?
Which Points is the lowest one that has an Extra points of 0, and a Player of curtis redden, and Touchdowns smaller than 2?
Which Extra points is the lowest one that has a Player of ross kidston, and Points smaller than 5?
Which Points have Touchdowns of 1, and a Field goals smaller than 0?
Which poll had a week 10 larger than 2, a week 2 of exactly 12, and a week 13 of 8?
What is the highest week 9 that had a week 6 of 7, a week 10 of greater than 2, a week 7 of 5, and a week 11 less than 2?
What was the week 5 opponent for the year with a week 10 opponent of Maryland (6-2)?
What was the week 14 opponent for the year with a week 10 opponent of Michigan State (8-2)?
What is the week 4 opponent for the year with a week 10 opponent of Michigan State (8-2)?
What is the week 12 opponent for the year that had a week 3 opponent of South Florida (3-0)?
What was the week 7 opponent for the year that had a week 12 opponent of Oregon State (7-3)?
What was the week 3 opponent for the year that had a week 7 opponent of Georgia (5-1)?
What is Week 14 Nov 24, that has Week 11 Nov 3 of USC (6-2)?
What is listed for the Week 9 Oct 20 that has a Week 17 (Final) Jan 4 of Michigan (10-3)?
What is listed for the Week 1 Aug 26 that has a Week 7 Oct 6 of USC (3-2)?
What is listed for the Week 3 Sept 8 that has a Week 2 Sept 2 of Florida State (2-0) (4)?
How much December has a Score of 5–2, and a Game smaller than 27?
Which Game has an Opponent of @ pittsburgh penguins?
Which December has a Record of 21–7–2, and a Game larger than 30?
Which December has Points of 38, and a Record of 18–6–2?
What is the Score that has a Result of 2–1 on 5 july 2007?
Which Competition has a Venue of hong kong?
When is the Competition of friendly match with a Result of 2–1?
Which Venue has a Result of 2–0?
What is the Score of 2007 afc asian cup qualification with a Result of 8–0?
Which Competition has a Result of 3–1?
What was the Indians' record during the game that had 31,467 in attendance?
what year is 4:00 long
What round on average was a defensive tackle selected?
What is the lowest total for the silver less than 1, and a rank more than 5, more than 1 bronze?
Who ha the gold and 1 bronze, and more than 0 silver?
Who has a total of the Bronze less than 4, gold more than 0, and no silver?
What's the Points average with a Lost of 21, and Position of 22?
What's the total Lost that has a Played that's larger than 42?
what's the relative value that contains a jyutping of daam3?
What metric value has a jyutping of lei4?
what's the imperial that contains a jyutping of cin4?
What was the location that led to a record of 9-0-0?
What is the lowest number of bronze medals with less than 2 silver medals and more than 1 medal in total for Uzbekistan?
What is the highest round with a pick# of 11, a position of offensive tackle, and overall less than 414?
What is the highest round with a pick# of 9, overll less than 468, and position of defensive back?
What is the highest round with a guard position and an overall greater than 71?
Who has an overall greater than 414 with a pick# bigger than 9?
What is the Gaelic name for an area less than 127 in Kintyre?
What was the score on 7 february 2008?
What was the outcome on 13 may 2007?
What was the score on 3 may 2009?
Name the score for venue of jalan besar, singapore
Name the score for 2 june 2008
Which Opponent has a Game of 63?
which Record has a Score of 1–4?
Which Record has a Points smaller than 62 and a February larger than 16, and a Score of 8–7?
What is the total number of Issues has a End month of oct-80?
Which Indicia has anEnd month in feb-75?
Which HAAT has a Channels TV / RF of 31 (psip) 44 (uhf)
Which City of license has a Channels TV / RF of 67 ( psip ) 29 ( uhf )
Which Station has hagerstown?
Which HAAT has 65944?
Which City of license has a Channels TV / RF of 36 (psip) 36 (uhf)? Question 5
What format is dated October 29, 2004?
What is the date with the catalogue number ptcd-1015-6?
What is the label for December 2004?
What is the date for Hydra Head Records with a CD format?
Which country has Hydra Head Records on February 2005?
Which country has Hydra Head Records with a 2lp format?
Who rode mad rush?
What place was the horse with a barrier of 20 and weighing less than 54 kg
What place was the viewed horse?
What is the average number of wins of the year with less than 5 top 10s, a winning of $39,190 and less than 2 starts?
What is the highest number of poles of the year before 1992 with more than 18 starts and winnings of $125,102?
Author of stanisław wyspiański, and a Year of 1969 happened in what theatre?
Which game did New Jersey Devils played in?
What score has a record of 21-25-7-4?
What score has a record of 22-28-7-4?
What group has 1200 m as the distance?
What venue has g1 as the group?
What's the highest Points with the Team of Tacuary, and has Losses that's smaller than 4?
What's the sum of Losses that Scored larger than 15, has Points that's larger than 16, and Played that's larger than 9?
What's the highest Played with a Scored of 15, and Draws that's less than 1?
What's the sum of WIns with Draws that's larger than 1, Losses that's smaller than 4, and Conceded of 20?
What's the lowest Position with a Conceded that's larger than 16, Draws of 3, and Losses that's larger than 3?
Which processors are supported with a PCI-express of x16: 1 slot x1: 4 slots and the nforce 550 model?
What are the processors supported by a ddr2 memory and the nforce 550 model?
What is the PCI-express with a ddr2 memory and a nforce 520 model?
What is the Russian word for wine glass that contains 4.16 fl. oz.?
What are the imperial size for the unit that has a ratio of 1/20?
How big in metric terms is the unit that has a ratio of 1/20?
How large in US customary terms is the unit called butylka (vodochnaya)?
What is the translation of chetvert?
What Russian word translates to bucket?
Points larger than 6, and a Results of 522:443 had what lowest matches?
Loses of 2, and a Pos. smaller than 2 had how many highest matches?
What was the outcome when the game was played on clay and on 2 May 2009?
What person was played against when the playing surface was hard?
With the score of 6–3, 2–6, [10–8] and played on clay who was the opponent?
What is the rank of the park in pigeon forge, tennessee in the best food category?
What building is in Shenzhen, have less than 115 floors, and was completed before 2017?
What is the earliest year having a length of 11:25?
What year had a version called Wolf Mix?
In 1978 what is the NFL team?
Who was the opponent with attendance at 64,002?
What was the highest week with 84,856 in attendance?
What was the record in a week less than 13 on November 9, 2003?
On what date was the result w 20-17?
What was the attendance for record 2-0?
On what date was the game at Lincoln Financial Field?
Which player has a pick of 175?
Zack Jordan has the lowest pick and a round of less than 28?
What is the sum of the pick for player roger zatkoff?
Which metal has a size that is 26mm (across scallops)?
What is the weight with the shape of scalloped, and that is a size of 20mm (across scallops)?
What is the weight with a denomination that is three paise?
What is the weight with a denomination that is ten paise?
What is the highest number of games drawn, where the games played was less than 7?
Which October is the lowest one that has an Opponent of washington capitals?
Which Score has a Game larger than 7, and Points smaller than 14?
How many Points have an Opponent of @ calgary flames?
What is the mean number of events where the rank is 1 and there are more than 3 wins?
Which Supercopa 1994 has a Team of estudiantes?
Which CONMEBOL 1994 has a Supercopa 1994 of n/a, and a Recopa 1994 of n/a, and a Team of san lorenzo?
Which Recopa 1994 has a Supercopa 1994 of 1st round, and a Team of argentinos juniors?
Which Team has a Recopa 1994 of n/a and a CONMEBOL 1994 of 1st round?
Which Other has a Green of 0, and an Independent of 1, and a Labour smaller than 45, and a Control of labour lose to no overall control?
Which Social Democratic Party has a Green smaller than 0?
When the try bonus was 10 what was the losing bonus?
When the losing bonus was 2 what was drawn score?
If the try bonus was 5 what was the try against score?
When the tries against is 90 how many points are there?
What club has tries against of 75?
What is the total number of overall figures when duke was the college and the round was higher than 7?
Which of the highest pick numbers had a round of less than 2?
Which pick number had a round of less than 7, an overall of less than 127, and where the name was Robert Alford?
Which highest overall figure had Robert Alford as a name and a round of more than 2?
What Game site has an Opponent of Miami Dolphins?
What's the Lowest Attendance with a Game site of Riverfront Stadium?
What's the lowest Attendance for a Week of 2?
How many bronze medals does South Korea have?
What is the smallest number of total medals for Georgia with 0 silver and 1 bronze?
What is the lowest year that had foil team as the event at Melbourne?
What is the number of years that the event was foil team and took place in Los Angeles?
What was the position at the venue of lyon?
What was the position for mauro at the world championships in 1985 during the foil individual event?
What was the playoff status when the head coach was Brent Sutter, the finish was 4th central, and the points were 82?
2001 of 2–4 was in which tournament?
2013 of 4–4 is involved in what 2006?
2007 of 1r is involved in what 2001?
2007 of 8–4 is involved in what 2002?
2005 of 3r, and a 2000 of lq, and a 2002 of 3r is in what 2004?
2006 of 10–4 is in which 2000?
What is the smallest number of drawn games when there are fewer than 4 points and more than 4 lost games?
What is the sum of the points when there are fewer than 4 games?
Who holds the lead role when Aanders Brorson is third?
Who has the role of skip when the lead is Dominik Greindl?
Who is the second when Mikkel Krause is the third?
Who is the Skip when Alasdair Guthrie is the third?
Who is the Second when Michel Gribi is the lead?
What is the highest position of the team with an against of 12, less than 11 points, more than 2 drawn, and more than 9 played?
What is the difference of the team with 12 points?
What is the average number of played of the team with 3 losses, more than 9 points, a position of 5, and less than 12 against?
Name the rating % for channel of anhui satellite tv
Name the most share for anhui satellite tv
Name the sum of rating % for cctv and position more than 7
Name the average rating % for shandong satellite tv and share % less than 1.74
What date was Montreal the visitor?
What is the record for the NY Rangers?
Name the sum of round for pick of 169
Name the nationality for pick of 16
Which Lead has a Skip of pavol pitonak?
What is the skip in Wales?
Which Nation has a Second of tomas pitonak?
Which Second has a Third of athanassios pantios?
Where did Croatia lead?
Which Skip has a Third of carlo alessandro zisa?
What is the nationality of Shaun Sabol?
What is the position of United States' player Brett Lawrence?
Which Compression ratio has a (none) DX 10 Name and a FOURCC of dxt4?
What is the venue of the napa auto parts 200 race with a mrn radio?
What is the race on 10/10/2008?
Which race has a distance of 201.44 miles?
What is the distance of the race at the Atlanta Motor Speedway?
What is the distance of the Sam's town 250 race?
What is the venue of teh carfax 250 race?
What is the name of the event where Cornell-Penn played?
Who many games were played for the series with the Sawhorse Dollar trophy?
How many games have Points smaller than 4, and an October smaller than 5?
Which Game has a Record of 8–2–0, and Points larger than 16?
Which Score has an October smaller than 15, and a Record of 2–0–0?
How many games have November 7 as the date, and points greater than 17?
How many points have November of 15?
Name the winning score for jim barnes and year of 1924
What was the Rider of the LCR Honda 600CC Team with a Time of 59’ 22.80?
What Rider had a Speed of 108.347mph and Time of 1:02.40.93?
What Rider had a Time of 1:01.50.57?
What is the average attendance that has june 24 as the date?
What date has 2:59 as the time?
What is the surface when the tournament is manta, ecuador?
What is the surface for the tournament of manta, ecuador?
What tournament is lesley joseph the opponent?
What date was marcos daniel the opponent?
What is the Copa Libertadores 1999 result for team grêmio, who did not qualify for Copa Conmebol 1999?
What is the copa mercosur 1999 result for team grêmio, who did not qualify for the Copa Libertadores 1999 and Copa Conmebol 1999?
What is the intercontinental cup 1999 result of the team who did not qualify for the Copa Libertadores 1999 and made quarterfinals in the Copa Mercosur 1999?
What is the Copa Libertadores 1999 result for team vasco, which made the group stage in the Copa Mercosur 1999?
What is the Intercontinental Cup 1999 result for the team with a Copa Conmebol 1999 result of runner-up?
What is the Copa Conmebol 1999 result of team cruzeiro, which did not qualify for the Copa Libertadores 1999?
How many people attended the game that lost 2-4 and the date was higher than 15?
What kind of competition had an attendance of more than 914 people and the Wightlink Raiders as an opponent?
How many people attended the away league competition with a date of 22?
Which Series has a Date of may 2?
Which Game has a Series of bruins lead 3–1?
Which Opponent has a Series of bruins lead 2–1?
Which Date has a Game of 4?
Which Game has a Score of 3–6?
What is the Rank of industrial and commercial bank of china 277,236?
What was result of goal 4?
Who is the player that is part of the team Shawinigan Dynamos (Qmjhl)?
What is the highest round for the Minnesota Junior Stars (Mjhl)?
When did woking compete?
Which Opponent has an Attendance of 375?
How much Attendance has an Opponent of oxford united?
Which Attendance has an Opponent of crawley town?
How many Podiums where their total for the Series of Macau grand prix, as well as being a season before 2008?
How many wins where there total for Series named formula 3 euro series as well as having more than 2 Podiums?
What is the largest amount of wins that was before the 2007 season, as well as the Team being silverstone motorsport academy?
What is the newest Season in which had 0 Podiums, and having 1 total of Races, as well as total wins larger than 0?
Name the week for december 4, 2009
Name the opponent with record of 6-2
Name the opponent with result of w 35-21
Name the date with resultof w 35-7
Name the date with record of 3-1
Name the week for date of bye
What is the friendly game for Germany of France?
What company is numbered larger than 5 and priced at $389M?
Which category was william ivey long a nominee and nominated in?
What is the half-life discovered in 2003?
What is the decay mode of the 265m hs isotope discovered in 1984?
What is the Frequency MHz of Trinidad, Colorado?
What city of license has an ERP W smaller than 500, Class A, and Frequency MHz larger than 89.7?
What is the smallest capacity for Fandok?
What is the highest pick number of a defensive back with less than 136 overall points?
What is the lowest pick number of John Scully?
What is the total points with less than 5 games?
What was the outcome for the India Open?
What was the Outcome at the 1985 India Open?
What was the outcome in 1982 with Kang Haeng-Suk as partner?
Which Party has a First elected smaller than 1878, and a District of south carolina 3?
Which Result has a First elected of 1876, and a District of south carolina 3?
Which Result has a First elected larger than 1876, and an Incumbent of john s. richardson?
Who is the incumbent that is a republican and first elected before 1864?
What district is the democratic Francis C. Le Blond from?
In the Ohio 4 district, that is the first elected date that has a result of re-elected?
What is the party in Ohio 6 District?
Which To par has a Year of 1994?
Which Country has a Margin of victory of 2 strokes?
Which Year is the lowest one that has a To par of –1?
Which Margin of victory has a Year larger than 1994, and a To par of –14, and a Score of 69-67-69-69=274?
What was the record after the game at the Astrodome?
What was the record after the game against the Houston Oilers?
What is the average total score of Belarus, which had an E score less than 8.2?
What is the total of the team with a T score greater than 8 and an E score less than 8.4?
What is the T score of the team with an E score of 6.625?
What is the total of Poland, which has an E score greater than 7.725?
What is the total of the team with a T score less than 6.8?
What date has a competition of 2012 afc challenge cup, and dasarath rangasala stadium, kathmandu as the venue?
What opposition do 31.1% of Social Democrats have?
Which Position has a Round larger than 14, and a School/Club Team of north texas?
Which Round has a Player of anthony christnovich?
Which Round is the lowest one that has a School/Club Team of virginia?
What is the name of the leading scorer on 2006-11-22?
What is the name of the leading scorer when the record was 9–6?
What is the number of people in Attendance when Visitor was the warriors on 2006-11-04?
What is the name of the visitor on 2006-11-04?
What is the name of the Leading scorer when the Score was 89–102?
How many people live in Norton?
Which Year has a Borough of harrogate, and a Rank smaller than 6, and a Definition of civil parish?
Which Definition has a Rank smaller than 12, and a Town of tadcaster?
Which Rank is the lowest one that has a Borough of richmondshire, and a Population larger than 8,178?
How many bronze medals did Bulgaria receive?
What was Phil Mickelson's score to par?
What name has an overall less than 268, and 1 as the round?
How many pick #'s have james britt as the name, with a round greater than 2?
what is the score on november 15
Which Wins is the highest one that has a Country of united states, and a Player of andy bean, and a Rank smaller than 4?
Which Country has a Rank of 5?
Which Earnings ($) is the lowest one that has a Rank smaller than 1?
What is the score of the game on September 13 when the Expos were the opponent?
Who was the opponent on the September 3 game?
What is the save of the game on September 15?
Which Game site has a Week larger than 14?
Which Date has a Game site of jeppesen stadium?
Which Game site  has 27,189 Attendances ?
When is it has 15,557 Attendances?
With an Overall less than 171, what is the Round pick of Lance Moon?
What is the Name of draft Pick #10?
How many Rounds have a Defensive End Pick?
What was the time when Shinya Aoki was the opponent?
Which method was used in round 1 with a record of 1-0?
Which rank has a team of Suzuki with under 16 points?
Which class has a rank of 5th?
Which team has a class of 500cc and rank of 16th?
Which team has 16 points and ranks 14th?
What is the dance that has priscilla presley is the worst dancer(s), and the worst score of 21?
What is the best score of the dance freestyle?
Which dance has the worst dancer(s) as marissa jaret winokur?
Which Points have an Opponent of vancouver canucks?
How many Points have a Score of 3–0?
Which Game has Points smaller than 10, and an October larger than 12, and an Opponent of @ washington capitals?
Which Record has Points larger than 0, and a Score of 7–3?
On what date was the game more than 5?
Which series was on May 16?
Name the date for oregon jurisdiction
Name the john b. anderson for ronald reagan of 43% and phil crane of 0%
Name the howard bake when bush had 66%
Name the george bush for ronald reagan of 43%
Name the howard baker for ronald reagan of 72%
What is the sum of goals for the 2004/05 Season?
What is the lowest caps for the Club of SBV Excelsior?
Which season has Caps lower than 36 for the Club of NAC Breda?
Which Opponents in the final have a Partner of daniella dominikovic?
Which Date has a Partner of daniella dominikovic?
Which Surface has a Partner of pemra özgen?
Which Date has Opponents in the final of valeria casillo lilly raffa?
Which Date has a Partner of daniella dominikovic?
Nationality of england, and a Matches smaller than 510, and a Lost of 4, and a Win % smaller than 28.6 had what lowest drawn?
Win % larger than 47.1, and a Matches smaller than 145 had what lowest lost?
Matches of 15, and a Win % smaller than 20 had what highest lost?
Nationality of england, and a Lost larger than 39, and a Win % of 28.7, and a Drawn smaller than 37 had what sum of matches?
Drawn smaller than 24, and a Lost smaller than 17, and a Win % smaller than 31.25 had how many total number of matches?
Lost of 18 had what sum of win %?
When was the score 5-31?
What is the second leg that has kk bosna?
What is the 1st leg that has  hapoel jerusalem?
Which 1st leg that has hemofarm?
Who averaged 201.3 yards passing per game?
How many players had an Att-Cmp-Int of 143–269–16, and an efficiency of less than 116.9?
What is the Att-Cmp-Int for the player with a efficiency of 117.4?
What is the total number of legs lost of the player with a high checkout less than 76 and less than 3 played?
What is the Ch1 in the region served by Central Tablelands?
What transmitter location has digital power of 570kw?
What year did team Yamaha have 0 wins, a rank of 8th, and more than 22 points?
Name the total number of rounds for gina carano
What is the difference related to 2 losses and fewer than 10 points?
Where did the game(s) against Iowa take place?
What is the Outcome of the Doubles played on Carpet?
What was the Surface during the match with Partner Debbie Graham?
What was the Partner on February 23, 1997?
What was the Tournament on May 24, 1992 played on a Clay Surface?
What was the Surface in the match with a Score of 7–5, 6–7, 4–6?
What is the frequency MHz in tremonton, utah with a ERP W larger than 30?
What is k275av call sign's highest erp w?
Name the year for american conference semifinals
Name the total number of years for quarterfinals
Who is the Runner-up that has a Season less than 2005?
Which Seasonhas a Score of 3 – 3 aet , 4–3 pen?
Which Season has a Score of 3 – 3 aet , 4–3 pen
How many rounds had an overall of 211?
What is the mean pick number for the cornerback position when the overall is less than 134?
Which 1956 has a County of vâlcea, and a 2011 smaller than 371714?
Which 2011 is the lowest one that has a 1948 smaller than 15872624, and a 1966 of 263103, and a 1992 larger than 266308?
Which 1992 is the lowest one that has a 1977 smaller than 385577, and a 2011 larger than 340310, and a 2002 larger than 300123, and a 1948 larger than 280524?
Which 1977 is the lowest one that has a County of zzz bucharest, and a 2011 smaller than 1883425?
What is the site of the game that had an attendance of 54,040?
What is the attendance of the game against the houston oilers?
What was the date of the game on week 7?
How many fans attended the game at Bye?
Which winner had a location of Iowa?
Which opponent in the final had a partner of Katarina Srebotnik and a championship of wimbledon (4)?
Who was the partner when the championship was us open on a hard surface?
What was the surface for Julie Halard when the final score was 6–3, 6–2?
What was the outcome when the oppenent was serena williams venus williams and had a hard surface?
How much Played has Drawn of 2, and a Position larger than 3, and Points smaller than 10?
Which average Against has a Difference of 10, and a Lost smaller than 2?
How many Attendances have a Result F – A of 0 – 2, and a Date of 31 january 1903?
How many Attendances on 13 april 1903?
How many Attendances have a H / A of h on 7 march 1903?
Which Opponent has a H / A of a, and a Result F – A of 2 – 0, and a Attendance larger than 30,000?
When is The Opponents of lincoln city and a H / A of a?
What is the score for the Dec 11 game?
Which game has an opponent of Phoenix Coyotes and was before Dec 9?
What is the December game that led to an 11-13-5 record?
What was the record after game 41?
Which Overall has a College of florida state, and a Round larger than 2?
How many Picks have a Position of kicker, and an Overall smaller than 137?
Which Position has a Pick # of 18?
Which College has a Round smaller than 7, and a Pick # smaller than 27, and a Name of anthony maddox?
How much Overall has a Pick # larger than 9, and a Round larger than 5?
Which score was for the Spurs as visitors with record of 35–16?
Which record was for Warriors at home?
English title of malèna had what original title?
Original title of возвращение / vozvrashcheniye had what English title?
Director of christophe barratier had what highest year?
English title of amélie had what year?
Original title of das leben der anderen had what director?
Who was the director where the role was Fred Ayres?
What was the theatre where Peter P. Peters is the role?
Who are the Runner(s)-up with a Margin of 1 stroke?
Who are the Runner(s)-up with a Margin of 3 strokes?
What is the highest Year with of the open championship?
What is the Winning score in 1956?
What is the Winning score in 1965?
What Year had a Runner(s)-up of flory van donck?
What is the release Date for the Region in New Zealand ?
What is the release Date for the New Zealand Region?
What is the Date of Catalogue number 602517739468?
In what Region was the Catalogue number 1785089 released?
Which city of license has a frequency less than 100.1?
What is the ERP W with a call sign at w261cq?
What is the average value for ERP W when frequency is more than 100.1?
What frequency has call sign w228bg?
What is the average value of ERP W in Beardstown, Illinois for a frequency greater than 93.5?
What was the winning score in 2000?
Name the weekly rank for sunday, june 14, 2009
Which Pick # is the highest one that has an Overall of 184, and a Round larger than 6?
How many picks have an Overall of 114?
Which Overall is the highest one that has a Name of daimon shelton, and a Round larger than 6?
Which Pick # is the highest one that has an Overall larger than 21, and a College of north carolina, and a Round smaller than 3?
Which Position has an Overall larger than 147, and a Pick # of 21?
What is cornell's lowest pick number?
Which Eviction result has a Net vote of 31.86%?
Which Nominee has a Vote to Save of 1.98%?
Which Vote to Evict has a Vote to Save of 21.22%?
Which Vote to Save has an Eviction # smaller than 14, and a Vote to Evict of 5.42%?
What is the average rank of a nation that had 219,721 in 2012?
In what Round was Pick 138?
What is John Crawford's Nationality?
What is the ERP W for K236AM?
What is the average frequency in MHz for stations with an ERP W of 170?
What is K236AM's lowest frequency in MHz?
What class is assigned to frequencies lower than 90.5?
What class is assigned to frequencies larger than 89.3 with an ERP W of 250?
What did st. louis score at home?
What was the result of the game on week 1?
What is the record of the game on week 13?
Texas Rate smaller than 32.9, and a U.S. Rate larger than 5.6 is what highest killeen rate?
Reported Offenses larger than 216, and a U.S. Rate smaller than 3274, and a Texas Rate smaller than 2688.9, and a Crime of violent crime has what killeen rate?
Killeen Rate of 511.6, and a Texas Rate smaller than 314.4 is the lowest reported offenses?
Tell me the type for category of mouse and attribute of ondblclick
Name the type with cancelable of no and attribute of ondragend
Name the cancelable for onmouseover
Name the bubbles for onscroll
Name the attribute for mutation and domcharacterdatamodified
Who had high rebounds on May 1?
What location attendance had a score of l 92–116?
What is the gold medal count that has a silver medal count less than 0?
What is the average number of students for schools with a pupil to teacher ratio of 25.1?
What is the lowest pupil to teacher ratio for Saratoga schools with smaller than 1213 students?
What is the highest number of students for schools in Campbell with pupil to teacher ratios over 25?
Name the most rank for wins outdoor larger than 1 and wins indoor less than 0
Name the most rank for uk and wins more than 5
Name the average wins outdoor with rank more than 4 and wins less than 3 with outdoor wins more than 0
Name the most wins total with wins indoor of 0 and wins outdoor of 1 with rank less than 7
What was the frame size in 08/87?
What was the print name in 07/87?
What is the frame size that was nicknamed Grand Central?
When was the Little Tavern completed?
Which 1990-1991 is the average one that has Played of 38, and Points of 40?
Which College/Junior/Club Team  has a Nationality of Canada and Jeff brown?
Which Player has a Hc Cska Moscow (Russia)?
What is Nationality of daniel goneau?
What points have 500cc as a class, and nsr500 as a machine?
How many years have 78 for points?
What class has nsr250 as the machine, with points greater than 97?
What is the lowest year that have wins greater than 0?
What are the highest points that have a year less than 1992, with wins less than 0?
What was the lowest attendance at a game against the St. Louis Cardinals?
What district is the parish Milburn in?
What is the population of the Parish, Plumbland, that had a former local authority of Cockermouth Rural District?
What is the district for the parish, Brough?
What year featured lola motorsport as an entrant with over 0 points?
When is the earliest year that there's a judd engine?
What chassis is used in 1989 with a cosworth engine?
Where was something built earlier than 1858?
What was built in 1857?
Who were the initial owners of Wasco in 1858?
What was the type of boat built in Port Blakeley
What is the date of the game at Arrowhead Stadium?
Who is the opponent of the game after week 4 on Sun. Nov. 17?
What's the median family income with a household income of $25,583?
What's the $51,914 median household income per capita?
What was the winning score when Steve Stricker was runner-up?
What was the margin of victory when the winning score was −14 (63-67-73-67=270)?
Who was the runnerup when the margin of victory was 1 stroke on jan 30, 2000?
What was the margin of victory when the winning score was −12 (66-67-64-71=268)?
What day was the margin of victory 1 stroke when the tournament was colonial national invitation?
What was the winning score for runnerup Greg Norman
Which Builder has a Pennant number of Q149?
On what date was the ship with a Pennant number of Q144 commissioned?
How many ships are named Monge?
What launched has mariner 4 as the spacecraft?
What launched has 158 days (5 months, 8 days) as the time elapsed?
When was the song by Andy Gibb issued?
Which Round has a College of stanford, and an Overall smaller than 8?
How many Picks have a College of tennessee, and an Overall smaller than 270?
Which Pick # is the lowest one that has a College of troy state, and a Name of reggie dwight, and an Overall smaller than 217?
What's the smallest amount of earnings when the wins are less than 72 and the rank is more than 3?
What's the smallest amount of earnings when there are more than 18 wins and the rank is 2?
What is the lowest number of losses for a team with more than 0 wins?
What is the average number of losses for teams with fewer than 0 wins?
What is the average number of wins for Runcorn Highfield with more than 0 draws?
What is the lowest number of losses for Nottingham City with fewer than 0 wins?
What is the weight of the player from the Philadelphia 76ers?
What is the height of the player, Larry Hughes?
What player was moved to Blackpool?
A player was moved to celtic had an end of what date?
Which Game is the average one that has a February larger than 20, and a Record of 41–17–4, and Points smaller than 86?
what country hosted david toms
What was the score for game 18?
What is the kickoff time for the game that was at Ralph Wilson Stadium?
What is the record for the game against the New England Patriots with a recap?
What is the result of the game on week 11?
Who was the visitor that led to a 3-0-2 record?
What is the original title of the Gypsy Magic film title used in nomination?
Name the builder for number 3
Name the date with works number less than 1673 and number less than 3
Name the builder for 4/1906 and works number more than 199
What was the largest number of people in attendance of the game with a W 14-3 result after week 10?
What is the percentage for Zares on May 21–22?
What is the source for 7% DeSUS?
What is the source for Zares at 8.6%?
What is the source corresponding to a date of May 25–27?
What song is done by Terence Trent D'Arby?
What was the Result on October 27, 2002?
in riyadh, saudi arabia, what is the score?
Which Pocona Municipality (%) is the lowest one that has a Puerto Villarroel Municipality (%) smaller than 14.6, and a Chimoré Municipality (%) of 5.1, and an Entre Ríos Municipality (%) smaller than 0.9?
Which Puerto Villarroel Municipality (%) is the lowest one that has an Ethnic group of not indigenous, and a Totora Municipality (%) smaller than 4.4?
Which Pocona Municipality (%) has a Puerto Villarroel Municipality (%) larger than 14.6, and a Pojo Municipality (%) smaller than 88.5?
Which Totora Municipality (%) is the highest one that has a Chimoré Municipality (%) of 5.1, and a Pocona Municipality (%) smaller than 0.2?
Which Pos has a Car # smaller than 18, and a Driver of mike skinner?
Which Team has a Pos larger than 3, and a Make of toyota, and a Car # smaller than 59, and a Driver of mike skinner?
Which Pos has a Team of roush fenway racing, and a Car # of 99?
Which Car # has a Make of toyota, and a Pos of 7?
Which Pos has a Team of germian racing?
Which Opponent has a Score of 2–6?
Which Game has a Series of flyers win 3–0? Question 3
Which Series is on april 18?
Name the date with score of 9-2
Which Points is the highest one that has a Nationality of aut, and a Name of thomas morgenstern?
What is the sum of the capacities for Carrigh wind warm that has a size of 0.85 MW and more than 3 turbines?
What is the size of the windfarm in wexford that has more than 19 turbines and a vendor of Enercon?
Who is the turbine vendor for Meenadreen in Donegal county with less than 6 turbines with a size of 0.85 MW?
What is the population where the rank is higher than 51 and the Median House-hold income is $25,250?
What is the Population where the Median House-hold Income is $25,016?
What is the Number of Households that have a Per Capita Income of $21,345?
What County has a Median Family Income of $79,331?
The United States, with a total medal count of less than 171, and a bronze medal count less than 9, has how many gold medals?
How many total gold medals did Australia receive?
How many total bronze medals did Canada receive?
How many total gold medals did India receive?
Which 1997's accompanying 1991 was a when the tournament was the australian open?
Which 1997's 1992 was 1r when 1994 was a?
Which 1995's tournament was the French Open?
Which 1989's 1991 and 1994 stats were 1r?
Which 1990s 1992 was 3r?
Which Linda McCartney has a Stuart of electric guitar?
Which Whitten has a Stuart of bass, and a Paul McCartney of electric guitar?
Which McIntosh has a Whitten of drums, and a Stuart of bass, and a Paul McCartney of electric guitar?
Which Paul McCartney has a Linda McCartney of keyboards?
Which McIntosh has a Stuart of bass, and a Linda McCartney of keyboards or drum?
Which Paul McCartney has a Linda McCartney of keyboards or drum?
What is the largest Grid that has a Bike of honda cbr1000rr, and a Time of +20.848, and a Lap greater than 24?
The nation of denmark has what average total nad more than 0 gold?
Switzerland has how many gold and less than 0 silver?
How many years had a score of 734-5d?
Which venue had a city of Manchester before 2003?
Which venue had a city of Manchester in 2003?
Which venue had a score of 734-5d?
What is the average number of top-5s for the major with 5 top-10s and fewer than 12 cuts made?
What is the average number of top-10s for the major with 2 top-25s and fewer than 10 cuts made?
What is the total number of top-25s for the major that has 11 top-10s?
How many total events have cuts made over 12, more than 2 top-5s, and more than 11 top-10s?
How many total wins are associated with events with 1 top-10?
What is the average number of cuts made in events with fewer than 1 win and exactly 11 top-10s?
What week did they have a bye?
What tournament in 2006 had a score of 0-0?
What was the highest number of extra points scored by Albert Herrnstein, when he scored more than 15 points total?
How many touchdowns were scored by William Cole?
For the game with 26,236 attendance, what was the record?
What's the record for the game with an attendance of 49,222?
Who had the most rebounds and how many did he have during the game on June 11?
Who was the leading scorer and how many did he score for the game on June 13?
What College/Junior/Club Team has Pick 50 before Round 8?
What is the highest overall prior to 1996 with a slalom of 39?
What is the lowest overall score prior to 1992 with a downhill score of 1?
What was her Giant Slalom score when her Overall was greater than 3 and her Super G score was 12?
What was her highest Super G score with a Slalom score of 58 and an Overall larger than 2?
What location has the name of Sakakita BS?
Which location includes Sakakita BS?
What is the distance from origin in Azumino including Toyoshina IC?
Which district had first elected earlier than 2006 for representation of Broken Arrow, Tulsa?
How many values of first elected are for district 16?
Which towns are represented in district 31?
How many deposits had a Non-Interest Income of 0.9500000000000001 and number of branch/offices less than 17?
Which NPL net's bank was citibank?
Which championship has a winning score of (77-76-74-73=300)?
Which championship has a margin of 8 strokes?
What is the 54 holes for The Open Championship (4)?
Which Tournament has a 2007 of wta premier 5 tournaments?
Which Tournament was played in NH in 2011?
Which Tournament has a 2010 of 2r, and a 2011 of 1r?
When was Color of green first issued?
When was Color of green last issued?
What reverse has a color of green?
How much was a Reverse of guitar of agustín pío barrios before 1998?
What is BYU's lowest pick?
Which cornerback round has a pick number lower than 26 and an overall higher than 41?
What is the overall number for the College of Wyoming?
What is the total round for a wide receiver with an overall of more than 145?
What is College of Ohio State's pick number with an overall lower than 145?
How many are enrolled at 49 Marion with the Warriors as their mascot?
Where is Terre Haute North located?
What's the enrollment at 41 Johnson?
What school has the greyhounds as mascots?
for type diesel-mechanical and configuration b-b, what is the status?
Where is the origin of the tth version?
What is the record of game 7?
What is the lowest number of points of the game before game 2 before October 10?
what team played on july 9
What is the party of re-elected, incumbent Charles H. Grosvenor, who was first elected before 1894?
Who was the incumbent from the Ohio 13 district?
What is the party of the representative first elected in 1894 from the Ohio 16 district?
What score has Leicestershire as the opponent after 1906?
Where in Buxton has 3 runs?
What city was in 1889?
What is the score in Leicester?
How many years has 1 run?
What year was in Aigburth?
Which season has q145 as its format?
What is the average episode number with q146 format?
Who is the opponent of Game 1 with a 3-2-0 record?
What is game 9's record?
Who is the opponent of the team with a 1-1-0 record?
What is the 3rd Liga from 2010-11?
What is the 3rd Liga from Game 1 of 0-1 between the years 2008-09?
Which Score in the final has an Outcome of winner, and a Surface of hard (i)?
Which Surface has a Partner of jim thomas, and a Date of 2007?
What was the Attendance in the game with a Result of won 5-2?
What was the home Competition with Attendance of 1,268?
What school or club team did the player chosen for the Sacramento Monarchs play for?
What player was chosen for the Chicago Sky?
Which player was picked for the Chicago Sky?
What is the position of the player with a height of 205 and shirt no 8?
What is the name of the player who is a height of 182?
What is the sum of Gold with Participants that are 4 and a Silver that is smaller than 0?
Who was the opponent with a score of 141–102?
Who was the opponent with a score of 109–108?
What was the result when the record was 62–12?
What was the result with a record of 58–11?
What's the number of the game played on January 2, 1936?
What's the record of game number 23?
How many Points a February smaller than 1 have?
How many February days have Points of 63 and a Score of 1–2?
What is the name of the player with less than 2 wins?
What is the number of earning for more than 2 wins and less than 25 events?
What is the largest events number for more than 2 wins and less than $446,893 in earnings?
Who was the visitor at 5:00 pm?
Who was the visitor at the pittsburgh penguins at 7:00 pm that had a record of 0-2-2?
What is the home in mellon arena at 7:30 pm with a record o 2-5-2?
Which average Drawn has Games larger than 7?
Which Make has a Pos of 3?
Which Car # has a Make of toyota, and a Driver of mike skinner, and a Pos larger than 3?
Which Make has a Car # larger than 59?
What was the result of the Euro '64 qualifying game?
What is the date of the Euro '64 qualifying game?
What was the title in 1996?
What was the role in 2001?
What language was Taken in?
Which title had Notes of 8 episodes?
Which title is in Portuguese?
What was the role in 1996?
what date did the irwin storm take place
what is the minimum force of storm Adrian
How many households are in highlands county?
What is the Median household income associated with a median family income of $46,616?
What time did the game at memorial stadium take place?
What is the number of Bronze medals of the Nation with 64 total and silver greater than 16?
What is the bronze for Kyrgyzstan nation with a silver record of greater than 0?
What is the gold for the nation with a record of bronze 1, Syria nation with a grand total less than 1?
When was the game with a result of w 27-24 (ot)?
When was the game with a record of 9-3?
What time was the game with a record of 7-3?
What is the number of weeks where the venue was memorial stadium and the attendance was less than 41,252?
What is the sum of the weeks that games occured on october 21, 1974 and less than 50,623 fans attended?
What is the frequency of the station that was launched on 21 August 1994?
What is the launched date of the station in cora huichol tepehuano nahuatl language?
Where is the station with a coverage of yucatán quintana roo campeche transmitting from?
What is the frequency of the station with a coverage of oaxaca guerrero puebla?
Where is the station that was launched on 17 July 1997 transmitting from?
What is the coverage of the station that was launched on 22 January 1996?
How many bronzes for the nation ranked 14th, with over 14 golds and over 25 silvers?
How many total medals for germany with under 56 bronzes?
How many total medals for the nation with 1 gold and 6 bronzes?
What was the loss of the game when the record was 32–34?
What was the date of the game with a score of 15–6?
what is the frequency of visits to elmanana.com.mx
What was the game result against the minnesota vikings?
What week shows for december 31, 1993?
What was the result on October 4, 1993?
What Week has a Result of l 17-14?
How many years have a position of 2nd?
Which event has a year of 2000?
What position has notes of 2:12:53?
What is the average round for draft pick #49 from Notre Dame?
What college is draft pick #327 from?
What college is pick number 268 from?
What round pick was pick number 101 who plays defensive back?
What pick number was from the college of maryland and was picked in a round larger than 7?
How much Overall has a Pick # of 26?
Which Position has a Round smaller than 14, and a College of illinois?
How much Overall has a Round smaller than 6, and a Pick # of 26?
What is Roy Hall's highest round?
How much Overall has a Pick # larger than 2, and a Name of claude humphrey?
What is the oppenent when the score was 5–0?
What is the opponent before game 57 when the score was 4–5?
What is the score when the points are larger than 74 and the game is 57?
When is the latest year that an entrant has toro rosso str1 chassis and under 1 point?
How many entrants have a mercedes fo 108w 2.4l v8 engine and over 0 points?
What is the engine for the car with 3 points?
Which International tourism expenditure (2012) has an International tourism expenditure (2011) of $33.3 billion?
What is Italy's UNWTO region?
What is China's  International tourism expenditure (2011)?
What was the format for the 4 disc season that had less than 22 episodes and n/a for region 4?
What is the lowest Top-25 for the open championship, with a Top-10 larger than 3?
What is the highest Top-5 when the Tournament is the open championship, with a Top-25 less than 9?
What is the average Top-25 that has a Top-10 less than 7, and the Tournament is the open championship, with a Top-5more than 1?
What is the total number of Top-5 when the Top-25 is 6, and a Cuts made are less than 12?
Which date had a home team of the Wizards?
What was the latest week with a date of November 12, 1967 and less than 34,761 in attendance?
What is the date for the game with an opponent of the Houston Oilers from before week 3?
What is the total for New York's game?
What round was a player from Indiana picked?
How many losses had a total of 17 and more than 10 wins?
What is the win percentage when there's more than 16 totals and less than 7 losses?
What is the smallest no result when the year was 2012 and there were more than 10 wins?
What is the name on the Socialist ticket when the Democratic ticket is george k. shuler?
What is the name on the Democratic ticket when the Workers ticket is franklin p. brill?
What is the name on the Democratic ticket when the Workers ticket is james p. cannon?
What is the Office when the Republican ticket shows seymour lowman?
What is the name on the Republican ticket when the Socialist ticket was louis waldman?
What is the name on the Republican ticket when the Workers ticket is edward lindgren?
Who's the Democratic ticket with a Socialist Labor ticket of belle j. rosen?
Who's the Socialist Labor ticket with a Republican ticket of cuthbert w. pound?
Which Office has a Republican ticket of daniel h. conway?
Who's the Socialist ticket with a Law Preservation ticket of (none), and a Socialist Labor ticket of belle j. rosen?
Which Office has a Democratic ticket of herbert h. lehman?
Who's the Socialist ticket with a Socialist Labor ticket of charles m. carlson?
Which bowl game has a season greater than 2008, with new orleans, Louisiana as the location?
What result has 1947 sun bowl as the bowl game?
What result has texas longhorns as the opponent?
What location has 51,212 as the attendance?
Which Pictorials is on 5-01?
Which Cover model has a Pictorials of brande roderick-pmoy, naked news?
which Cover model has a Centerfold model of jennifer walcott?
Which Centerfold model has a Cover model of irina voronina?
Which Centerfold model has a Date of 3-01?
What is the score on 15 Aug with a 17:30 time?
What is the total number of round values that had opponents named Paul Sutherland?
Which opponent led to a record of 10-6?
Which method led to a record of 9-4?
What song had an index of m6?
For which song was the score 6.5 + 6.0 + 6.0 + 5.5 = 24.0?
When the played number is less than 8 and against is 23, what is the least amount of points?
When the corinthians have a position of less than 5, what is the average against?
What position has less than 6 Points?
What is the number of against when the difference is 10 and played is greater than 8?
What was the stake president when the organized date is April 18, 1965?
What is the name of the award given for the category Mercury Prize?
How many years has the Mercury Prize award been given?
For how many years has the Mercury Prize been awarded?
In what year, prior to 2009, was the Mercury Prize awarded?
What is the lowest Points when against is 50, and there are less than 20 played?
What is the average Position with less than 57 against and the team is Juventus?
What is the highest Position when the against is less than 41, and lost is more than 7?
What is the average Lost when there are 57 against?
What is the lowest Lost for são paulo railway, Points more than 21?
What unit is in Mongolia?
What unit is in Argentina?
What name is located in China?
What unit is located in China and has Zhou Zhang as an author?
What kind of  Manufacturer has a Laps smaller than 20 and a Grid of 21
Which Airline has a Fleet size larger than 17, and a IATA of pr?
Which ICAO has a Fleet size of 2?
What is the of Fleet size with a IATA of pr, and a Commenced operations smaller than 1941?
Which ICAO has a Commenced operations larger than 2011?
What is the Status with an Author that is woodruff?
What is the highest Pick # when the CFL Team is the Toronto Argonauts?
What is the CFL Team with #48 as the pick number?
What is the College with a Position of db, and the CFL Team was Winnipeg Blue Bombers?
What is the CFL Team with Will Grant?
What is the latest year of a gratitude type mission with 99 in the entourage?
Who was the lead envoy of the mission with the Ryūkyūan King shō eki?
Who was the lead envoy of the congratulation mission in 1718 with the Ryūkyūan King shō kei?
Who was the lead envoy with the Ryūkyūan King shō kō?
On 10/20/1979*, who was the Opponent?
What is the average Attendance at a game with a Result of w 30-23?
What is the lowest Attendance at a game with the Result of w 25-17?
What is Score, when Leading Scorer is Tyrone Hill , 20 Points?
What is Home, when Score is 103-93?
What is Attendance, when Home is Cleveland, and when Date is January 30?
What is Leading Scorer, when Attendance is Gund Arena 20,562, and when Record is 20-10?
What is Score, when Date is January 12?
What is Score, when Attendance is Gund Arena 20,562, and when Date is January 27?
What is the sum of Top-10(s), when Cuts made is less than 10, and when Top-5 is less than 0?
What is the lowest Top-25, when Events is 10, and when Wins is greater than 0?
What is the lowest Top-5, when Top-25 is less than 4, and when Cuts made is less than 7?
What is the Height of Junior Meghan Austin?
What is Martina Wood's Position?
What is the Name of the Player from Charlotte, NC?
What is 6-2 Martina Wood's Position?
What is the Position of the Player from Temple Hills, MD?
What is the Name of the Junior from Fayetteville, NC?
What rank has jo angel (wa) as the player?
What average has 1 as rhe rank?
What rank has andy bichel (qld) as the player?
What is the average that has 2 for the rank?
What playee has 24.21 as the average?
What is the average that has 441 as wicket?
What was the year Elected of Republican Incumbent Dave Reichert?
What were the Results in the Washington 2 District?
What is the 2008 Candidates Elected before 1994 with Incumbent Jim McDermott?
Who is the Incumbent with Results of 68% 32%?
What District had Republican Incumbent Cathy McMorris?
What was Italy's highest total when there were less than 4 bronze and 1 gold?
How many totals had more than 4 bronze?
What was Austria's lowest total when the gold was more than 3?
What are the years won when the to par is +5?
What is the average total for Tiger Woods?
Which country had a total of 295?
What is the finish when the to par is +18?
How many total No Results occured when the team had less than 46 wins and more than 16 matches?
When the team had more than 46 wins, what were the average losses?
How many total No Results are recorded for less than 6 wins?
What Interview subject was on a Date that is 11-92?
What is the lowest game number with Aris Thessaloniki with points smaller than 120?
What is the game average that has a rank larger than 2 with team Olympiacos and points larger than 113?
Which result was there when the opponents were the Buffalo Bills?
What was the Purse ($) total for Iowa?
When did the Score of 195 (-21) happen?
When did Scott Hoch (2) win?
What team placed second during the season where Western Australia placed fifth, South Australia placed sixth, and Tasmania placed fourth?
What team placed sixth during the season where Western Australia placed fourth and Tasmania placed first?
What team placed sixth during the season where Tasmania placed second and Western Australia placed fourth?
What team placed fifth during the season where Victoria placed second, Tasmania placed first, and South Australia placed sixth?
What is the smallest number of losses for a position greater than 2 with 4 points and more than 2 draws?
How many points occurred with a difference of 2 for position less than 4?
What is the highest number of points for a position less than 3 and less than 1 loss?
When Estudiantes was team #2, what was their agg. value?
Who played against TSV bayer 04 leverkusen when they were team #1?
Who played against Hapoel tel aviv when they were team #1?
What is the 2013 BAFA adult flag division in Aylesbury?
Records from Kontor Records from the catalog of Kontor446 was released in what format?
What date was the release that was Wrongun as the label?
Catalog Nebdj068 was released when?
In what format was the release from the Nebt068 catalog on April 11, 2005 in?
What region has the date of 2005 and Playground Music Scandinavia as a label?
What is the Result with a Venue that is filbert street?
When did the Texans play BYE?
Who did the Texans play when there were 70,724 people in attendance?
Who has the status of jr synonym of protosialis casca?
Which writer is named mongolbittacus?
What is the score of the game that had 359 people in attendance?
What is the home team of the game that ended with a score of 0-1?
How many people attended Match No. 31?
Who is the Home Team for Match No. 23?
What is the score of the game with 1,125 people in attendance?
What is the Country with a Launched that is april 3, 1990?
What is the Launched from a Country that is spain?
What is the lowest order with a Minister that is joe hockey?
Which Years in Orlando has a Nationality of united states, and a Player of doug overton?
Which Years in Orlando has a Nationality of united states, a Position of center, and a Player of jawann oldham?
Which Years in Orlando has a Player of bo outlaw?
Which Years in Orlando has a School/Club Team of seattle?
Which Nationality has a Position of center, and a Years in Orlando of 2010–2012?
Which Nationality has a School/Club Team of seattle?
When did they play at Candlestick Park?
What is the average number of top-10s for events under 57 and 0 top-5s?
What is the average number of top-10s for events with more than 12 cuts made and 0 wins?
What is the average number of top-25s for events with less than 2 top-10s?
Which Works number has a Builder of canadian engine & machinery company, and a Number smaller than 3?
Which Works number has a Builder of avonside engine company, and a Type of 4-6-0, and a Number smaller than 12, and a Date of december 1871?
Which Type has a Builder of avonside engine company, and a Number of 9?
Which Date has a Type of 4-6-0, and a Number larger than 11?
Which Builder has a Date of early 1871?
What ist he Home with a Score that is 42-64?
What is the Home with a Time that is 12:00?
What is the Ground with a Score that is 49-80?
What's the smallest March when the record is 22-12-6?
Which record's march was 26?
What is the Lost with a Losing Bonus that is 4?
What is the Points with a Tries For that is 21?
What is the Lost with a Try Bonus that is try bonus?
What is the highest Total for the rank 12, and gold less than 0?
What is the total number of Total when the Silver is less than 2, and a Bronze is less than 0?
What is the nickname of the team that has the colors blue and gold?
What is the nickname of the team that has the colors black and gold?
What is the nickname of the team in division 2?
What is the class of the Middletown High School team that is in the DSHA league?
What school is the team from that has the colors blue and gold?
What are the colors for the division 2 team with the nickname, the seahawks?
Who's the Centerfold model with a Pictorials of adrianne curry, girls of tuscany?
Which Interview subject has a Pictorials of vida guerra?
Which Date has a Pictorials of mercedes mcnab, girls of hawaiian tropic?
Which Interview subject has a Centerfold model of athena lundberg?
What is the total number of votes from the Labour Party?
Which party has less than 11,484 votes?
How many numbers had Brandon Dean as a name?
What is the singular for the Meaning of night?
What is the plural for the Meaning of night?
What is the plural if the singular is nyaqot?
What is the plural if the meaning is python and the plural gender is n?
What is the plural if the singular is awu?
What is the singular if the plural is xweer(a)du?
What is the Total againsts for the Sant'Anna team with a position number greater than 10?
What is the total number of games played with 3 losses, 1 or more drawns and 10 or fewer points?
What is the average lost of games played of more than 9?
What is the lowest number of bronze medals for Great Britain with more than 2 medals total?
What is the lowest wins the club with a position of 4 and less than 4 losses has?
What is the sum of the points of club nevėžis-2 kėdainiai, which has more than 35 goals conceded?
What is the total number of games played of the team with 4 wins and a position less than 9?
What is the highest number of wins of the team with a position less than 1?
What is the total losses against 1412, and 10 wins, but draws less than 0?
What is the highest draw against 2161?
What is the total number of losses against 1412, and Byes less than 2?
What is the lowest wins with less than 2 Byes?
What is the highest score with 0 wins and more than 2 Byes?
What is the sum of wins against the smaller score 1148?
Who had a rank larger than 7, less than 305 goals, and 418 matches?
How many goals ranked 6?
How many matches had 360 goals?
What is the Nominee from the Category that is best costume design?
Which Total has a Bronze larger than 12, and a Silver larger than 772, and a Country of thailand?
Which Gold has a Total of 2998, and a Bronze smaller than 1191?
Which Bronze has a Country of malaysia, and a Total smaller than 2644?
Which Silver has a Bronze smaller than 618, and a Country of laos?
What is the Score with a Team that is @ portland?
What is the High points with a Date that is january 20?
Who was the home team that the Clippers played?
What's the record of the game where Lebron James (16) was the leading scorer?
When the venue was A and the date was 2 january 2008, what was the average attendance?
On 10 November 2007, what was the venue?
On what date was the opponent Ayr United, the result 1–0, and the attendance more than 668?
When the opponent was Brechin City and the attendance was 656, what was the Result?
On 1 september 2007, at the Venue A, what was the average attendance?
Which Score has a Country of england, and a Year larger than 1971?
What is Scotland's winner?
What time was the game in week 2?
What was the score of the game on September 14, 2008?
What was the final score of the game on November 23, 2008?
Which species has a Voges-Proskauer reading of negative and an indole reading of negative?
What is the Voges-Proskauer reading for proteus mirabilis?
What is the methyl red reading for the species that tests positive for indole?
What is the methyl red reading for proteus mirabilis?
What is the highest silver medals for Russia with more than 5 bronze medals?
What package/option has sky arte hd as the television service?
What language has NO, as the HDTV, sky famiglia as the package/option, and national geographic channel as the television service?
What language has sky famiglia as the package/option?
What language has viaggi as the content?
What television service has italian as the language, and sky famiglia as the package option?
What package/option has documentaries as the content, yes as the HDTV, and a television service of history hd?
What was the resolution for the match that ended by Submission (armbar)?
What was the total time for the match that ocurred in Round 3 with opponent Keith Wisniewski?
Where did the match with opponent Laverne Clark occur?
What is the Diameter (mi) when the Longitude is 79.8° e?
What is the Latitude when the Diameter (km) is 13km, and the Longitude is 72.9° e?
What shows for the Longitude when there is a Diameter (km) of 31km?
What shows for the Diameter (km) when the Diameter (mi) is 8mi, and a Gill is e?
What shows as the Diameter (km) when the Diameter (mi) is 5mi?
What was the lowest squad with 0 goals?
What is the number for overall for angelo craig?
What is the Round when there is an overall of 246?
What is the lowest Overall for the wide receiver in a round less than 2?
What is the Player from appalachian state?
What is the Production Cost with a Date that is february 2000?
What is the Singapore Gross with a Title that is 2000?
What is the Singapore Gross with a Producer that is 2000?
What is Average Height, when Weight is less than 93, when Spike is less than 336, and when Block is 305?
What is Name, when Block is 320, when Spike is more than 336, and when Date of Birth is 12.10.1978?
What is the total number of Block(s), when Spike is less than 341, when Weight is greater than 82, and when Name is Theodoros Baev?
What is Name, when Spike is greater than 343, and when Date of Birth is 02.03.1973?
What was the date of the Paco Rabanne Open de France?
On which date did Ian Mosey finish runner-up?
What set 2 has a set 4 of 21-25?
What was the score when set 3 was 26-28?
When was set 3 of 18-25?
Who was the away captain with a result of Eng by 1 wkt?
On what date was the result Eng by 1 wkt?
On what date was Arthur Jones the away captain at Sydney Cricket Ground?
What is the highest place for song that was draw number 6?
What was the result of the game on November 6, 1988?
What was the date of the game against the Los Angeles Rams?
What is the total with a 25-19 set 2 on Jun 17?
What is the set 4 with a 2-3 score?
What is the set 5 with a 19-25 set 1?
What is the set 1 with a 28-30 set 4?
What is the result when there's less than 2 goals?
What is the score when there are less than 2 goals?
How many points on average had a position smaller than 8, 16 plays, and a lost larger than 9?
What was the lowest Attendance when the Opponent was Maryland?
Which Network has a Local name of moj tata je bolji od tvog tate?
Which Country has a Network of channel 1?
Which Country has a Network of nelonen?
Which Local name has a Network of nova tv?
Which Local name has a Network of tvn?
Which Country has a Host of miguel esteban?
Can you tell me the lowest Chapter that has the Pinyin of dehua, and the Articles smaller than 16?
Can you tell me the average Chapter that has Articles smaller than 15?
Can you tell me the Chinese that has the Chapter larger than 4, and the English Translation of food transformations?
Can you tell me the English Translation that has the Articles of 24?
What shows for ICAO when the IATA is sin?
What is the IATA when France was the country, and the ICAO was lfrn?
What is the Airport when France was the country, and Montpellier was the city?
What is the ICAO for luqa airport?
What is the Airport for New York City?
What is the Country when the IATA was osl?
Which Division has a Year larger than 1996,a Regular Season of 4th, and a Playoffs of final?
Which League that has a Open Cup of 1st round, and a Year of 2009?
Which Playoffs has a Division of 2 and a Regular Season of 4th, southeast?
What are the least amount of points that have points for greater than 438, and points against greater than 943?
What are the highest losses that have points agaisnt less than 956, high park demons as the club, and points less than 16?
What club has losses greater than 1, 4 for the wins, with points against less than 894?
How many losses have points against greater than 592, with high park demons as the club, and points for greater than 631?
What losses have points for less than 1175, wins greater than 2, points against greater than 894, and 24 as the points?
What's the smallest track written by dennis linde that's 2:50 minutes long
How long is the song titled burning love?
When was the song titled if you talk in your sleep released?
What is the city that is located in California when the year is greater than 2009?
What is the host in a year greater than 1989 and when the venue is the Staples Center located in California?
What is the venue in 2011, when the state is California?
What is the wards/branches of the fort smith Arkansas stake?
What stake has realtor for American equity realty as their occupation?
What is the organized date of the stake with an occupation of senior buyer for Wal-mart?
What is the sum of the wards/branches in Arkansas of the North Little Rock Arkansas stake?
What stake has 16 wards/branches in Arkansas?
What is Stable, when Current Rank is F1 Jūryō 14 West?
What is Ring Name, when Current Rank is E0 Maegashira 9 West?
What is Birthplace, when Ring Name is Masunoyama Tomoharu?
What is Current Rank, when Ring Name is Tamaasuka Daisuke?
What is Ring Name, when Stable is Kasugano, and when Birthplace is Z Mtskheta , Georgia?
What is Current Rank, when Ring Name is Kimurayama Mamoru?
Who was the Interview Subject on the Date when there were Pictorials of Christie Brinkley?
In the issue in which the Interview subject was Jesse Jackson, who were there Pictorials of?
Who was the Centerfold model in the issue in which the Interview subject was Paul Simon?
Who was the Centerfold model in the issue in which the Interview subject was José Napoleón Duarte?
Who was the Cover model in the issue in which the Interview subject was Joan Collins?
Which date has a round more than 9?
Who is the driver that one for the winning tpc team qi-meritus that has a round more than 8?
What is the time of 12 December 2009 with record start?
What is Elizabeth Yarnold's nation?
What country is the Jiufotang Formation located in?
Which author is located in Mexico?
Where is wang li duan cheng located?
What is the status of the pterosaur named Cathayopterus?
Which Years in Orlando has a School/Club Team of texas tech?
Which Nationality has a Player of keith bogans, and a Years in Orlando of 2006–2009?
What is Pat Burke's Nationality?
Which School/Club Team has a Player of michael bradley?
Which Years in Orlando has a School/Club Team of kentucky?
Which School/Club Team has a Player of jud buechler?
What is the position for years under 1999?
What is the average year for Team Oreca?
Which Position has an Against larger than 17, and a Team of juventus, and a Drawn smaller than 4?
Which Lost has an Against of 49 and a Played smaller than 20?
In which championship had a previous champion of "defeated Justin Corino in tournament final"?
Which location had previous champions of Mike Webb and Nick Fahrenheit?
Who were the previous champions from the event won on May 1, 2010?
Who is the current champion for the event in Beverly, MA, with previous champions of Mike Webb and Nick Fahrenheit?
Who is the current champion in the NECW Heavyweight Championship?
Which location held the Iron 8 Championship tournament?
What is the capacity of 3500v volts?
How many volts has an energy-to-weight ratio of 54 kj/kg to 2.0v?
What is the capacity with 2.7v volts and a power-to-weight ratio of 5.44 w/kg c/1 (1.875a)?
Which season led to a position of 13, and a head coach of Protasov Lyutyi Talalayev Balakhnin Baidachny?
Which week had the highest attendance with 58,701?
What was the score of the game against the San Diego Chargers?
When was the attendance less than 44,851 during the first 4 weeks of the season?
On week 13 what was the score of the game?
What week had 58,025 in attendance?
When was the game that had 58,025 people in attendance?
What is the lowest number of Drawn games for Team Mackenzie where the Played is less and 11 and the Points are greater than 7?
What number of Points are shown for Team Paulistano where the Drawn is less than 2 and the Against is less than 15?
What is the Lowest lost for Team Ypiranga-SP where the games Played is more than 10 and the goals Against is greater than 50?
What is the highest number of Played games with a Position smaller than 2 and Drawn games less than 4?
What is the average number of runner-up that National University, which has more than 2 total championships, has?
Who was on the Progressive ticket when John T. Norton was on the Democratic ticket?
What name is under the Socialist ticket when Thomas J. Kreuzer was on the Democratic ticket?
Who ran under the Republican ticket when Frank H. Hiscock ran under the Progressive ticket?
What name ran for the Prohibition ticket when the Progressive ticket was Eugene M. Travis?
When Coleridge A. Hart ran under the Prohibition ticket who ran under the Independence League ticket?
With the Republican ticket of Frank M. Williams who was the Progressive ticket?
What kind of Prohibition ticket that has a Office of lieutenant governor?
Which Socialist Labor ticket has a Office of secretary of state?
What kind of Republican ticket has a Prohibition ticket of stephen mead wing?
What is the kind of Democratic ticket has a Office of comptroller?
Which Prohibition ticket has a Socialist Labor ticket of joseph smith?
What is the lowest grid number when Colin Edwards is the rider?
What is the time/retired when there are less than 22 laps and honda is the manufacturer?
What is the average number of laps when the grid number is 9?
What is the highest number of laps when honda is the manufacturer and the grid number is 12?
Who is the rider when the grid number is 3?
How many laps were driven when the time/retired is +44.284?
What is the value of the coin weighing 10.5 g and made of cupronickel?
What is the coin with a € equivalency of 0.30 made of?
What is the coin that weighs 3 g made of?
What is the diameter of the coin with a € equivalence of 0.60?
How much does the coin with a 14mm diameter weigh?
What is the coverage for the 99.5mhz frequency?
What is the power in kW corresponding to the station that covers General Santos?
What is the branding for the station with a frequency of 93.1mhz and a coverage of Zamboanga?
What is the frequency for the 10kw station with DXEZ as its callsign?
What is the frequency for the station with DYBT as its callsign?
What is the branding for the station with a frequency of 93.1mhz and a callsign of DWRX?
Can you tell me the lowest Total Passengers than has the Location of salvador, and the Rank larger than 5?
Can you tell me the Annual change that has the Location of manaus?
What is the average number of cuts made when there were more than 2 tournaments played in 2011?
What is the total number of wins with 10 cuts made and a score average under 74.09?
What is Madeleine Dupont's shot pct.?
Can you tell me the Score that has the High assists of rafer alston (8)?
Can you tell me the High points that has the High rebounds of rafer alston (9)?
Can you tell me the Score that has the Date of april 8?
What's the highest attendance for a game the Texan's played at Arrowhead Stadium?
Who did the Texan's play on Week 4?
What's the date for HOF week?
What is Total, when FA Cup is 1 0 (3)?
What is the lowest number of delegates when John McCain was the candidate with less than 45 candidates?
What is the highest Counties when Mitt Romney was the candidate with less than 0 delegates?
What is the number of votes when Ron Paul is the candidate with less than 0 counties?
What is the sum of totals associated with a UEFA Cup score of 4?
What is the sum of totals for FA Cup values of 0?
What is the Hometown of Tim Williams?
What player has a rating greater than 2746, with a prev less than 4, and +4 as the chng?
What chng has a rank greater than 6, with 12 as a prev?
What is the highest prev that has 9 as the rank, with a rating less than 2746?
How many blocks have a weight greater than 82, and a height less than 199?
What is the lowest block that has 328 as the spike, and a height less than 186?
What is the lowest block that has a height less than 202, 19.06.1980 as the date of birth, and a weight greater than 76?
What is the highest block that has 15.09.1981 as the date, and a height greater than 202?
Which City has a Stadium of estadio san cristóbal?
When in 2009 season has a Group of group b, and cancha del mystic with a Club of el tecal?
WHich Club has a City of colón?
WHat kind of 2009 season has a City of panama city, and a Group of group b?
Which City has a Club of suntracs f.c.?
What is the highest Matches, when Prize Money is £5,000?
What is Date, when Matches is less than 32, and when Round is Fifth Round Proper?
What is the average Matches, when Round is Third Qualifying Round?
What is the total number of Matches, when Clubs is 588 → 406?
What is Prize Money, when Matches is less than 73, and when Round is Third Round Proper?
For the tournament played on a hard surface and ending with a score of Walkover, who was the Finals opponent?
For the tournament played on September 25, 1995, who was the Finals opponent?
Which tournament was played on September 25, 1995?
What was the time for the bout against Amanda Lavoy, which went under 3 rounds?
What is Notes, when App(L/C/E) is 13 (7/2/4)?
What is Nat., when Ends is greater than 2010, when Since is 2006, and when Name is Paligeorgos?
What is the lowest Since, when Notes is To Anagennisi Karditsa, and when App(L/C/E) is 0 (0/0/0)?
What is the Time/Retired of the Newman-Haas Racing team in under 51 laps?
What are the lowest laps Alex Tagliani did for the Forsythe Racing team?
What is the 2010–11 when the Event is colonial square ladies classic?
What is the 2007–08 when the event was autumn gold?
Which Cultural and Educational Panel has a Labour Panel larger than 5, and an Industrial and Commercial Panel larger than 9?
Which Administrative Panel has a Nominated by the Taoiseach smaller than 0?
Which Labour Panel has an Industrial and Commercial Panel of 9, and a University of Dublin smaller than 3?
Which Total has a Labour Panel smaller than 5, an Administrative Panel smaller than 1, and a National University of Ireland smaller than 2?
Which Agricultural Panel has a Nominated by the Taoiseach larger than 6, and a Total larger than 60?
What is Team 1 when Team 2 is Jac Port-Gentil?
What is Winning Score, when Tournament is Joburg Open 1, and when Date is 17 Jan 2010?
What is Date, when Tournament is Alfred Dunhill Championship 1?
What is Tournament, when Margin is Victory of 6 Strokes?
What is Winning Score, when Date is 17 Jan 2010?
What is Tournament, when Runner(s)-Up is Garth Mulroy?
What is Runner(s)-Up, when Margin of Victory is 1 Stroke, and when Tournament is Joburg Open 1?
What is the points sum of the series with less than 0 poles?
What is the sum of the races in the 2007 season, which has more than 4 podiums?
What is the sum of the poles of Team la filière, which has less than 162 points?
What is the average number of points in the 2012 season, which has less than 1 wins and less than 0 podiums?
How many poles had a moto2 class?
What is the sum of the Cultural and Educational Panels that have an Administrative Panel greater than 1, an Agricultural Panel of 11 and a University of Dublin smaller than 3?
What is the sum of Agricultural panels that have an Industrial and Commercial Panel smaller than 0?
What is the lowest number of National University of Ireland that has a Cultural and Educational Panel of 0, and a Labour Panel smaller than 1?
What is the total of Industrial and Commercial Panels that have a Labour Panel greater than 1, a Nominated by the Taoiseach lesss than 11 and a Cultural and Educational Panel smaller than 0
What was the highest number of goals when 2428 minutes were played?
What is the number of minutes when there are more than 4 goals and 3 assists?
What is the total number of assists when Edmundo Rodriguez is playing the position of striker, less than 4 goals were scored, and the minutes were less than 473?
What is the least ERP W when the freguency MHz is 89.3 fm?
Call sign k216fo has what average ERP W?
What city does call sign K248am have its license in?
What call sign has ERP W greater than 197?
How many points did Costa score in the Macau Grand Prix since 2011?
Which teams had the 1st position and entered 1 race?
How many points did Carlin have when they had 3 wins?
How many Points have an Against smaller than 43, and a Position smaller than 1?
How many Drawn have a Position of 7, and Points larger than 18?
How many Against have a Team of hespanha, and Points smaller than 30?
Which Points is the average one that has Drawn of 3, and a Played smaller than 22?
How much Played has an Against larger than 37, and a Lost of 15, and Points smaller than 11?
Which artist has the Spoofed title Miscue 911?
Which Spoofed title is from February 1998?
Which artist has a Spoofed title in June 1992?
What was the average number of laps completed by KTM riders, with times of +56.440 and grid values under 11?
What was the highest grid value for riders with manufacturer of Aprilia and time of +1.660?
What Round against Aleksander Emelianenko had a time of 5:00?
In 1958, what has the IRFU All-Stars Home Venue?
On what Date was the Venue at Exhibition Stadium?
Before 1957, what was the largest in Attendance at Varsity Stadium?
What is the Time with a Score that is 65-19?
What is the Time with an Away that is broadview hawks?
Which Position has an Against of 32, and a Difference of 18, and a Drawn larger than 4?
Which Position has an Against smaller than 49, and a Drawn of 4?
Which Played has a Drawn of 5, and a Team of palmeiras, and a Position smaller than 6?
What team played on November 17?
What is the comp when the ryds is 2?
What is the RAtt when the comp is 48?
What is the RAtt when the long is 73?
What is the RYds when the RAtt was 2, and the comp is 41?
What is the Long when the ryds is 18?
What is the RAvg when the ratt is 3?
Who was the Runner-up for the merrill lynch/golf digest commemorative pro-am tournament?
What was the margin of victory when the winning score was –14 (70-68-67=205)?
Who were the runner(s)-up when the winning score was –10 (69-68-74-67=278)?
Who was the runner-up for the mazda senior tournament players championship tournament when the margin of victory was 2 strokes?
When was the last title of the team with a home ground of Sydney cricket ground?
How many people were in attendance for the game week 15?
What is the highest number of people in attendance in the game against the Buffalo Bills in a week later than 14?
What is the average Attendance for the game on November 1, 1981?
What position is played by the player from the Chicago Cubs?
What is the name of the Outfielder that was picked prior to Pick 42?
What is the Week when anke huber chanda rubin shows for Semi finalists, and the Runner-up is meredith mcgrath larisa savchenko?
What is the Semi finalists when the Runner-up was katrina adams zina garrison-jackson?
What is the Winner when anke huber chanda rubin was semi finalist?
What is the Tier when the runner-up is chanda rubin caroline vis?
What is the Week when the winner was mary joe fernández 6–4, 7–5?
What is the Runner-up with the tier was tier ii, and a Winner of gigi fernández natalia zvereva 5–7, 6–1, 6–4?
Which week had safe as the result and Dolly Parton as the theme?
On which week was the beatles the original artist and the order # smaller than 10?
Which original artist had 5 as their order #?
Which nominee was nominated in the Outstanding Director of a Musical category?
What is the result for Brent Spiner?
What is the number of games for Shaun Stonerook?
What is the highest total number of medals of the nation with less than 1 bronzes and less than 0 silver medals?
Total weeks of 49,980 attendance?
Mean attendance for December 22, 1980?
Overall attendance for week 4?
What was in 2007 that has a 3r of 1999?
What was in 2007 that is from 2004 0f 2r and 2010 of A?
What is in 2001, that has the year 2006, 2r, and in 2010 an A?
Who was awarded after 1947 in the category of, the best actor in a leading role?
Which Opponent has a Method of tko, and a Location of elgin, illinois, usa on 2001-02-11?
Which Round has a Location of auckland, new zealand, and a Method of tko on 1994-11-24?
Which highest Round has a Result of loss?
Which Location has a Method of decision?
What tournament has 1r as a 2004, and 1r as a 2007?
What 2012 has q2 as the 2010, and wimbledon as the tournament?
What 2006 has grand slam tournaments of 2010?
What 2006 has grand slam tournaments of 2005?
What 2006 has q2 as the 2007?
What are the losses where the award is Mike Miller (Smoy)?
Where the wins are 46, what is the win%?
Where the Vancouver Grizzlies is the awards, what is the conference?
What is the highest 1987 value with a 1995 value less than 1995 and a 1999 less than 9?
What is the highest 2003 value with a 1990 greater than 74, a 125 value in 1985, and a 1995 value greater than 130?
What is the highest 2007 value with a 1985 value greater than 52, a 1987 value greater than 130, and a 1990 less than 1990?
What is the highest 1995 with a 1990 less than 36, a 1987 less than 1987, and a 2007 value greater than 107?
What is the highest 2003 value with a 2011 less than 107 and a 1995 value less than 17?
What is the name of the tournament with 11 or more events a top-5 of 0 and a top-25 of 2?
What is the most top-10 of the team with 8 cuts made and less than 11 events?
What is the American Labor ticket when Henry Epstein is the liberal ticket?
What is the name on the Communist ticket with an Office of judge of the court of appeals?
What is the Office when spencer c. young is on the liberal ticket??
What is the name on the Democratic ticket when the Liberal ticket is erastus corning 2nd?
What name is on the Republican ticket when the  American Labor ticket was spencer c. young?
What is the entered number for the person with a time of 29:28?
What is the number eliminated for the person with a time of 12:38?
What is the highest Attendance with a Result that is w 24-21?
What Date has a time of (seconds) 42.172?
What is the Record for 23 january 2010, with a time smaller than 42.679 seconds?
What is the total number of Points that were in a Year that was 2005?
What is the lowest Shots with a Point that is larger than 32?
Which category had a year of 1991?
What is the score having a runner-up of Magdalena Maleeva?
What year was John m. Belk Arena built?
What type of environment is the venue that was built in 2003?
What year was transamerica field built in?
What is the location of the venue owned by johnson c. smith university?
What is the venue when the score was 8-2?
What is the Score for the 1999 fifa confederations cup?
What is the result on 30 june 1995?
What is the Date of the 1999 fifa confederations cup?
What is the Venue for the 2002 fifa world cup qualifier, and a Result of 8-2?
What is the Score on 11 march 2001?
What is the symbol of the element with an empirical t of 190 and a calculated value of 135?
What is the name of the element with a calculated value of 56?
What is the covalent (single bond) value of sodium?
What is the total height of the player with a birthdate on September 2, 1973?
What is the birthdate of Robert Esche?
What is the position of the player with a jersey # greater than 30 and a December 23, 1986 birthdate?
What is the weight of John-Michael Liles?
What was the first leg score during the quarter-final game?
What was the aggregate score for the game against Dynamo Dresden?
Who was the opposing team in the 3rd round?
Which nation has 0 golds and more than 1 silver?
What is the smallest total that has under 3 golds, more than 0 silvers and bronzes?
What is the total number of silvers associated with 3 bronzes, a total over 6, and a rank of 3?
What is the sum of bronzes associated with 0 golds and a rank of 10?
What is the largest silver value associated with 0 golds?
What is the total number of bronzes from the Netherlands?
What is the average amount of earnings for years under 2004 and money list rankings of 6?
What is the highest number of wins for years after 1999 with averages over 73.02?
Who was the away team when the home team Manchester United played?
When there was a tie of 16 what was the attendance?
Tell me the score when there was a Tie number of 6?
For the Tie number of 14 who was the away team?
What Catalog released on June 29, 1999 has a Digipak Album Format?
What is the release Date of Catalog RR 8655-2?
What is Score, when Name is Nicole 赖淞凤?
What is Score, when Song is 第九夜?
What is Group Song, when Song is 换季?
What is Group Song, when Name is Alice 林芯糸?
On what surface was the match played with a score of 2–6, 6–3, 6–4?
On what surface was the match played with a score of 4–6, 6–3, 6–1?
What was the score when the opponent in the final was iroda tulyaganova?
Which tournament has an opponent in the final of nadia petrova and a score of 6–3, 4–6, 6–1??
What is 01-02, when 03-04 is 03-04?
What is 02-03, when School Year is % Learning In Latvian?
Who was the choreographer for the dance style of Jazz?
Which music led to a safe result and was choreographed by Jason Gilkison?
Which couple participated in the Contemporary style of dance?
Which couple participated in the Paso Doble style and were safe?
How many weeks had a game on November 26, 1978, and an attendance higher than 26,248?
What was the lowest Attendance during Week 12?
What was the name of the tournament that the final was played against Yi Jingqian?
Who was the final opponent in the tournament in Taipei, Taiwan on November 14, 1994?
On October 14, 1996 who was the opponent in the final?
When playing against Yi Jingqian in the final on a hard surface what was the score?
Who was played against in the final on November 14, 1994?
What is the total number of Entered when the eliminated number is 3?
What is the Eliminated when there are less than 4 entered and the wrestler was shawn michaels?
How many frequencies have a line of East London and destination of Crystal Palace?
Which line has an operator of the London Overground and ends at the Crystal Palace?
Which song was by artist Gino Vannelli?
What tournament did Bill Rogers play in when he had less than 7 Cuts, 0 Wins, and less than 1 Top-25?
What are the number of losses that have Ties of 1 and 3 or more poll wins?
What is the lowest poll losses of the 0 ties, poll wins greater than 1 and wins less than 2?
What is the highest poll of the advocate Andy Kindler with poll losses greater than 2 and ties less than 0?
Which PBA Titles has a TV Finals larger than 6, and an Events larger than 20?
Which Events has Earnings of $113,259, and an Average larger than 229.5?
Which Cashes has a Match Play smaller than 13, and a Events of 7?
What is the Finish for the 1950–51? season?
What is the Losses at the western conference and the 2004–05 season?
What Season has wins as the philadelphia warriors (nba)?
What shows for Wins when there was a Conference of —, western division, in the 1967–68 season?
What is the Conference for the 1967–68 season?
What is the Location when the time was 11:55?
What Round has a Time of n/a, in rio de janeiro , brazil?
What is the Round for the jiu-jitsu vs martial arts?
What is the Location for the jiu-jitsu vs martial arts?
What is the Event when the opponent was wesslan evaristo de oliveira?
How many points does Kohta Nozane have with a Motobi TSR 6?
Which Average has a Band of f?
Which Band has a Ratio of 9/9?
Which Band has a Ratio of 13/9?
What was the latest year that the Atlanta Braves won and the St. Louis Cardinals lost?
Who won the series when the San Francisco Giants lost?
Where was the series that the Kansas City Royals lost?
Who was the winning team in 2008?
What average lost has points greater than 108?
How many losses have 222 as the goals against, with points greater than 78?
How many goals against have 64 for games, a loss less than 12, with points greater than 107?
What is the place of the song 'Never Change'?
What is the name of Aleko Berdzenishvili's song?
What was the lowest pick for the RHP position and player Mike Biko?
What is the Martin McGuinness with a David Norris that is 10.3%?
What is the Martin mcGuinness with a Sean Gallagher that is 29.6%?
What is the David Norris with a Michael D. Higgins that is 46.2%?
What is the Mary Davis with a Gay Mitchell that is 4.6%?
Can you tell me the total number of Prev that has the Chng of +10, and the Rating larger than 2765?
Who is the second member for the Second Party Liberal, and the Third Party Conservative, after the 1841 election?
Who is the third member of the Liberal Party, a third party conservative, the second member Humphrey Mildmay?
Who is the third member of the third conservative party, and the second liberal party?
What was the highest election with third party member Sir Robert Price, BT, and first party member conservative?
What was the record of the team with head coach Steve Spurrier?
What was USC's record before the 1967 season?
What was the record during the 1973 season?
What is the average score for 6th place with a total of 165?
What is the total with a 74 rank by average for 8th place?
What was the place in season 8 with a rank by average at 139?
What is the total for 3rd place on season 9?
What rank by average has 1 dance on season 9?
What was the final round score for the player from the Milwaukee Bucks?
What position does the player with a first round score of 35.7 play?
What is the height of the player with a first round score of 44.1?
Which player weighs 187 pounds?
Who was the illustrator in 1987?
How many years was the title drop dead?
Which publisher has a title of drop dead?
What Greek word means the same thing as the German word ebbe?
What word in German translates into the Icelandic word efja?
What is the Dutch translation of the Latin word navigo?
What Dutch word has the same meaning as the Greek word πλέω (pléō)?
What English word has the same meaning as the German word "german"?
How many wins are related to events of 7 and more than 2 top-10s?
What is the most cuts made for events with 1 top-5, 2 top-10s, and more than 13 total events?
Can you tell me the Name that has the Rank smaller than 71, and the Year larger than 2005, and the Out of 220?
Can you tell me the lowest Year that has the Rank smaller the 132, and the Name of biodiversity richness?
Can you tell me the Source that has the Rank of 78?
Can you tell me the Out of that has the Source of united nations, and the Rank larger than 47, and the Year smaller than 2003?
Which Tournament has a 2004 of 1r?
What is the 2005 that has a grand slam tournaments in 2007?
What is the 2006 that has a 2r in 2004, and a 2r in 2005?
What is the 2007 that has a grand slam tournaments in 2006.
What is the 2004 that has a of grand slam tournaments in2006 ?
What is 2006 has a 2007 of 3r?
What was the number of passengers going to MCO with a rank larger than 9?
What city had a rank before 3 and primary carrier JetBlue Airways?
What was launched and laid down in February 1819?
What is the total number of positions with less than 10 points, more than 7 qualifying, ret value in Race 1, and Jonathan Grant driving?
What is Date, when Set 2 is 25-13?
What is Total, when Set 5 is NA, and when Set 2 is 25-13?
What is Score, when Date is Jun 16, and when Set 4 is 25-20?
What is Set 2, when Score is 3-0, when Date is May 11, and when Set 1 is 25-20?
What is Set 4, when Set 1 is 25-18, and when Date is Jun 2?
What is the Team with a Score that is w 101–97 (2ot)?
What is the High points with a Score that is l 64–94 (ot)?
What is the largest played when the drawn is less than 1?
What points average has a played greater than 20?
What is the smallest drawn with a position bigger than 10 and a played less than 20?
At what average position is the drawn 9 and the points greater than 25?
How many played has an against greater than 57 and a lost bigger than 14?
The event rip curl pro mademoiselle is in which location?
On the date november 24-december 6 what's the winner when the country is united states?
Which year was the 100 m event played in Thessaloniki, Greece?
Which position was the World Indoor Championships in a year later than 2008?
What position was played at the World Athletics Final Competition in a year more recent than 2008?
What position was played at the World Athletics Final Competition in a year more recent than 2008?
What are the goals of the assists of 5?
What is the assists for the year 1995?
What assists has the Team SMU and the total points of 85?
What year had 48 assists?
What is the total points for GP/GS of 24/23?
What is the assists for the Team of Florida and the total points of 75?
What is the attendance of the match with F.C. central chugoku as the home team?
What is the away team of match 9?
What is the score of match 15?
What is the attendance of the match with kochi university as the away team?
What is the attendance of the match with rosso kumamoto as the away team?
What year did the company have a balance sheet total of €125,359,000?
What was the average Year of release for the Album, "Da Baddest Bitch"?
What was the result of the game with a score of 3-2?
What was the score of the 2014 World Cup Qualification?
What was the result of the game with a score of 4-1?
What venue held with game with a score of 3-2?
When has a Centerfold model of krista kelly?
Which 20 Questions has a Cover model of rena mero , torrie wilson (two alternative covers)?
When Centerfold model is on 3-04?
Which Cover model has a Centerfold model of scarlett keegan?
When has a Centerfold model of pilar lastra?
What is the lowest share with an air date of March 21, 2008 and had viewers larger than 5.15?
What is the lowest team (s) that have tvmk as top scorer (s) and flora as the champion?
What round had the opponent Lyon?
Who has the first leg that has a round in the semi-final?
What is Most Laps Led, when Winning Team is Chip Ganassi Racing, and when Fastest Lap is Marco Andretti?
Who is the Winning Driver, when Most Laps Led is Dario Franchitti, and when Pole Position is Hélio Castroneves?
What is Winning Team, when Most Laps Led is Alex Tagliani?
What is Winning Driver, when Fastest Lap is Ryan Hunter-Reay, and when Most Laps Led is Ryan Briscoe?
What is Race, when Winning Team is Chip Ganassi Racing, when Pole Position is Ryan Briscoe, and when Most Laps Led is Scott Dixon?
Who was the Winner when the Runner-up was Real Salt Lake?
During which Season was the tournament in progress?
What was the Score during the Season in which the Winner was C.F. Atlante?
What was the Score when the Losing Semifinalists were Toluca Unam?
What law has a penalty of — in Iraq?
What are the laws against homosexuality in Malaysia?
What is the average Events when the top-25 is 12 and there are less than 0 wins?
What is the sum of Events when the top-25 is more than 5, and the top-10 is less than 4, and wins is more than 2?
What is the average Top-10 when there were 17 cuts made with less than 0 wins?
What is the sum of Cuts made when there were more than 72 events?
What is the average Top-5 for the open championship, and a Top-10 smaller than 2?
What was the date of airing for episodes with ratings under 10.1 and production number of 96 5-09?
What was the fewest number of viewers for the episode production number of 109 5-22?
What is the First Aligned date in 1614?
How many Airlines have a total distance of 705 (km)?
What is the 1st leg result when team 1 is Gambia?
What is the 2nd leg result when team 2 is Morocco?
Which Name was in the Year 2001?
Which Name had a Rank of 18 Out of a number smaller than 149?
Which Name had the Rank, 15?
What is the lowest Rank for the Name, "area of permanent crops", Out of a number smaller than 181?
Which Name had the Source, World Bank, and a Rank smaller than 110, Out of a number smaller than 199?
Which Team has Manzoor Elahi as Coach and Taufeeq Umar as Captain?
Which City has the Bahawalpur Stags Team?
Who is the opponent of the December 18, 1994 game?
What is the Artist with a Date that is june 1979?
What is the Writer with an Actual Title that is mork & mindy?
What is the Writer with a Date that is january 1975?
What is the smallest played amount when there are 2 draws and an against of more than 73?
What is the earliest season with a premiere of february5,2007?
Which premiere had more than 15 episodes?
Who had the highest rebounds of the game on April 7?
What is Result, when Date is 2003?
What is Record, when Date is 1996?
What is Notes, when Date is 2007?
What is the highest Round, when the Opponent is Junior Pitbull?
What is Date, when Result is Loss, and when Method is Submission (Armbar)?
What is the Coombe Road time with a Selsdon evening peak?
What is the Woodside for the 16:19 Coombe Road?
What is the Elmers End with a 09:54 Bingham Road?
What is the Coombe Road with a Woodside time of 07:23?
What is the Elmers End with a 17:57 Selsdon time?
What is the Selsdon for the 17:19 Coombe Road?
What is the highest win for losses less than 2?
What is the average Byes for the losses of 15, and before 1874?
What is the sum of against in Ballarat FL of East Point and wins less than 16?
What is the School with a Pick that is 24?
What is the Team with a Player that is david cooper?
How many visitors in 2007 were there for ski jumping hill?
What is the highest Games, when Rebounds is greater than 100, when Name is Nikola Peković, and when Rank is less than 4?
What is the total number of Games, when Rank is less than 4, and when Rebounds is less than 102?
What is the lowest Games, when Name is Travis Watson, and when Rebounds is less than 136?
What is the sum of Rebounds, when Team is Aris Thessaloniki, and when Games is greater than 14?
What is the highest Rank, when Name is Travis Watson, and when Games is less than 14?
What is Authors, when Novelty is Gen Nov, when Location is South Africa, and when Name is Criocephalosaurus?
What is Status, when Location is Russia?
What is Authors, when Novelty is Gen Et Sp Nov, and when Name is Lanthanocephalus?
What is Name, when Authors are Kammerer & Sidor?
What is Name, when Location is Tanzania, and when Novelty is Gen Nov?
What is Name, when Status is Valid, when Authors is Maisch, when Location is Tanzania, and when Novelty is Gen Et Sp Nov?
What is the T568A color for the cable with a white/orange stripe T568B color?
What is the Date with an Opponent that is flavia pennetta?
What is the Score with an Opponent that is flavia pennetta?
What is the Opponent with a Score that is 2–6, 6–4, 3–6?
What is the Outcome with a Date that is may 5, 2012?
What is the Outcome with an Opponent that is jelena janković?
What is the Tournament with a Score that is 2–6, 6–4, 3–6?
Which week was on November 13, 1955 when the attendance was over 33,982?
What is the Japanese name of the Province with a Korean name of Chungcheong-Bukdo?
What is the Hanja/Kanji of the Province with a Kana of ちゅうせいほくどう?
What is the Kana of the Province with a Korean name of Chungcheong-Namdo?
What is the Hangul of the Province with a Kana of へいあんなんどう?
What is the Hangul of the Province with a Kana of ちゅうせいなんどう?
What is the Hanja/Kanji of the Province with a Korean name of Chungcheong-Bukdo?
What were the Oct. temperatures for the city that had Nov. temperatures of 51/30?
What were the Feb temperatures in East Stroudsburg?
What is the sum of completions that led to completion percentages of 65.4 and attempts under 451?
What regular season did the team reach the conference semifinals in the playoffs?
When the regular season of 2nd, Northeast and the year was less than 2008 what was the total number of Division?
What division was the regular season 5th, Northeast?
What was the result when Jam Hsiao was nominated in 2012?
Which award is in the category of best music video?
Which Attendance has a Result of l 29–23?
When has a Week of 1?
Which Week has an Opponent of at seattle seahawks?
Name the Result on october 15, 1995?
Which Opponent has a Week larger than 2 on november 19, 1995?
What is the recorded conference that was a Wac Conference?
What conference has the Wichita State school?
What is the rank for Burghley?
What horse was at the Badminton Horse Trials?
What was Des Dickson's lowest rank for matches smaller than 285 and less than 219 goals?
How many goals on average had 644 matches and a rank bigger than 3?
How many ranks had 205 matches?
What was Jimmy Jones' rank when the matches were smaller than 285?
Which date had the Hornets as the home team?
What is the To par score corresponding to the winning score of 64-69-67-66=266?
What was the To par score for the tournament with a margin of victory of 1 stroke?
What was the winning score for the tournament with a margin of victory of 7 strokes?
What day in December was the game that resulted in a record of 6-3-1?
How many were in attendance against the Oakland Raiders after week 7?
What is the average attendance for the New York Jets?
On what week were there 26,243 in attendance on September 21, 1969?
Who was the opponent at Pasir Gudang, Malaysia with a match larger than 2?
Who was the opponent at the match smaller than 3?
Where was the game when Police S.A. was the opponent?
How many list entry numbers are located in Platting Road, Lydgate?
Which type has list entry number of 1356677?
What is the completed date of the church with list entry number 1068071?
Who were the scorers in the game against neuchâtel xamax played on 10 December 1985?
What date was the game played in where hegarty was the scorer?
Who is the callsign that has ICAO of SCO?
Who is the commenced operations that has icao of slk?
Who is the call sign that has a commenced operation before 1976?
What is the HDTV of the Music Content Channel?
What is the Television Service offering Cartomanzia?
What Country's content is Televendite?
What Country's Content is TV Locale?
How many golds had a silver of more than 1, rank more than 1, total of more than 4 when the bronze was also more than 4?
What is the total of rank when gold is 2 and total is more than 4?
What is the total number of bronze when gold is less than 1 and silver is more than 1?
What is the total of rank when silver is more than 1, gold is 2, and total is more than 4?
What is the Wins with a Top-25 of 3, and a Top-5 larger than 1?
Which Cuts made has a Top-5 smaller than 3, and a Top-25 smaller than 6, and an Events of 10?
Which Tournament has a Cuts made smaller than 9, and an Events of 10?
What is the sum of Points for 250cc class, ranked 13th, later than 1955?
What is the Class for a year later than 1958, with 4 points?
What is the average Year when there were more than 3 points, for MV Agusta and ranked 10th?
What Team has a Class of 350cc, with less than 13 points in 1959?
Which event was held at Manly Beach?
What was the location of the Havaianas Beachley Classic, held in Australia?
Which event was held in Brazil?
The University of Colorado hosted what region?
Peterson Gym is in what city?
Mideast region host University of Tennessee is in what state?
What city is east region venue University Hall (University of Virginia) in?
What is the venue at Stanford University?
What is the venue in Seattle?
What team won the Tour de Santa Catarina?
What is Relax-Gam's average UCI Rating?
What is Vuelta a Ecuador's lowest UCI Rating?
What was the result of the game attended by 54,110?
What was the date of the game attended by 45,122?
What is the earliest week with a game attended by 60,233?
What is the latest week with a game with a result of l 12–7?
What is Runner(s)-up, when Tournament is MCI Classic?
What is Winning Score, when Date is Jul 27, 1997?
What is Winning Score, when Runner(s)-up is Ted Purdy?
What is the enrollment number for the public institution in Golden, Colorado founded after 1874?
Which Team has a Year smaller than 2007, and a Class of gts?
In what year Year has a Co-Drivers of jérôme policand christopher campbell?
What is Language, when Content is Monoscopio?
What is Television Service, when Content is Presentazione?
What is Package/Option, when Television Service is Sky Inside?
What is Package/Option, when Television Service is Sky Inside?
What is the sum of Points, when the Performer is fe-mail?
What is the score for set 3 with a time at 15:04?
What was the overall score when the score of set 3 was 29–27?
What was the score for set 2 when set 3 was 25–22?
What was the overall score when set 1 was 23–25?
What school/club team did Amal McCaskill play for?
Mike Miller played for what school/club team?
Who is the player that played for the school/club team Maryland?
Cuttino Mobley is what nationality?
Corey Maggette from the United States plays what position?
Amal McCaskill who plays forward-center played for what school/club team?
Which Servedby has a Local authority [a ] of thurrock, and a Station of ockendon?
What is the Opponents from the final with a Tournament that is puebla?
What was the date of the game held at the Al-Rashid Stadium, Dubai?
What is the Round of 16 value for the nation with a value of 5 for Ranking Round Rank?
What Team had the first round of 1:00?
What City/State did the Atlanta Hawks (retired) team play for?
What was the final round value for member Chris Webber?
What was the first round time for member Kenny Smith?
Which team was the opponent on December 30?
What content is provided by the television service ewtn?
What is the content of the television service ewtn in the United Kingdom?
What is the package/option for Italy when the language is italian?
What is the package/option in Italy when the content is religione?
Which television service has italian for its language?
Does daystar television network provide HDTV?
What was the Attendance when Oxford United was the Home team?
What was the Home team when Farnborough Town was the Away team?
What was the Away Team of Blackpool's Home game?
Which Bronze has a Rank of 9?
Which Bronze has a Gold smaller than 1, and a Rank of 17, and a Nation of china?
Which Nation has a Bronze smaller than 1, and a Total larger than 1, and a Silver of 1?
Which Total has a Rank of 17, and a Gold larger than 0?
Which Gold has a Rank of 15, and a Total smaller than 2?
What is the number of games for the season with 10 ties?
What was the surface where the opponent was Nathalie Dechy Meilen Tu?
What is the Series leader with a Date that is may 31?
What is the Series leader with a Date that is october 9?
Which Tournament has a Date of january 10, 1994?
Which Opponents in the final have a Date of june 10, 1996?
Who's the Opponents in the final with a Date of june 10, 1996?
Which Tournament has Opponents in the final of maria lindström maria strandlund?
What country came in third when there were 13 teams in 1996?
What is the sum of season when the venue was donington park, and Brazil came in second?
What is the average Season when the venue was circuit de nevers magny-cours, and Drivers was more than 30?
What is the total number of Losses when the percentage is 54.83, with more than 8 points?
What is the average Points For when there are Points Against more than 780, and Points smaller than 0?
What is the average Points when the Points Against is 594, and Losses is more than 3?
What is the average Percentage when there are more than 0 wins, Points Against is more than 481, Losses of 8, and a Points For larger than 826?
What is the lowest Wins when the Club is broadview hawks, and Points Against is more than 594?
What Goalkeeper has MINS less than 2160
What is the highest SHTS of Kasey Keller
What is the most number of Bronze medals won among the countries that have won more than 1 medal, more than 1 gold medal, and have a rank bigger than 1?
What is the total number of Losses that Melton had when they had fewer Draws than 0?
What is the lowest number of Against that Lake Wendouree had when they had more than 7 Losses?
What was the total number of Byes for the team that had 1136 Against and fewer than 0 Draws?
What was the greatest number of Losses for the team that had 1427 Against and more than 5 Wins?
What is the average number of Byes for the team that had 15 Losses, and less than 1 Win?
Which nation's total is less than 19 when there's less than 1 bronze?
How many totals does Chile have when the number of silvers is more than 0?
What was the record when TKO (punches and elbows) was the method?
What venue has don bradman (nsw) as the player?
What rank has Bill Ponsford (vic) as the player?
What match has Clem Hill (sa) as the player?
Who played on December 25, 1925?
What was the score for the South American Championship dated December 13, 1925?
What is the average number of House of Representatives seats had an abbreviation of d66?
For the tournament played on Oct 17, 1982, what was the winning score?
For the tournament played Nov 13, 1988, ending with a margin of victory of 5 strokes, who was the runner-up?
What is 2008, when 2006 is "Grand Slam Tournaments"?
What is 2007, when 2003 is 1R?
What is the Tournament, when 2012 is 3R?
What is Tournament, when 2009 is "Grand Slam Tournaments"?
Which Free polite has a Genitive 3 of *ni-da?
Which Free polite has a Genitive 1 of *=ku?
Which Free polite has a Genitive 3 of *n(i)-ami?
Which Genitive 1 has a Genitive 3 of *n(i)-ia?
What is the Proto-Oceanic verb for the verb to sew?
What is the verb for the Proto-Austronesian word *diri?
What is the Proto-Oceanic verb for to die, be dead?
What is the verb for the Proto-Polynesian word *mohe?
What is the Proto-Austronesian word for the Proto-Polynesian word *tui?
What is the Proto-Malayo-Polynesian word for the Proto-Oceanic word of *saqit, *turi?
What station has a genre of talk music and is in Malay English language?
Which genre is the fly fm station?
What frequency is the xfm station, which is part of the talk music genre?
What is the coverage area of muzik fm station, which has a music genre?
What is Co-Drivers, when Laps is greater than 196, and when Year is before 2010?
What is the Date when the week is more than 3 and the attendance shows bye?
What is the Result when the week is later than 9, and there are 65,858 people in attendance?
What is the 1938 that has N/A for 1948?
What 1953 has 2 for 1947, and dne as 1938?
What 1935 has 4 as a 1953?
What 1953 has 2 as a 1949, and 3 as 1952?
What 1941 has N/A as 1945, N/A for 1948, and 9 for 1953?
What 1951 has dne for 1948?
Which Cup Apps (sub) had 2 goals?
Which Total Apps (sub) has 6 goals total?
What airline has a IATA of BX?
What is the ICAO for Asiana Airlines?
What is the commenced operation where the ICAO is KAL?
What is the ICAO for Air Busan?
What is the callsign where the ICAO is AAR?
What is the average Tries with less than 0 goals?
What is the total number of Points with less than 1 tries, and more than 0 goals?
Which club/province has more than 9 caps and Ben Franks as a player?
In which tournament was Ian Baker-Finch the runner-up?
What tournament was played on Feb 3, 1991?
In the Phoenix Open, what was the winning score?
In the tournament where Stuart Appleby was the runner-up, what was the margin of victory?
What is the lowest number played with more than 30 points?
What is the highest number lost with more than 29 points and an against less than 19?
What is the total number played with a difference of 22 and less than 34 against?
What is the western title of the pinyin new chāojí mǎlìōu xiōngdì?
What is the genre of the Chinese title 摸摸瓦力欧制造, which has a single-player game mode?
What is the pinyin for the Chinese title 直感一笔?
What is the release date for the Chinese title 摸摸瓦力欧制造?
What is the western title for the puzzle genre?
What is the total number of laps for the time of +7.277 and the grid number of more than 6?
What is the smallest grid when the time is +8.051 and there were less than 23 laps?
What is the average number of goals for players ranked above 9 and playing more than 205 matches?
What is the average rank for players with under 205 matches and under 100 goals?
What years played did the player with a rank under 10, more than 271 matches, and 152 goals have?
Who's the Republican ticket with a Communist ticket of elizabeth gurley flynn?
Who's the Communist ticket with an American Labor ticket of joseph v. o'leary?
Who's the Republican ticket with a Democratic ticket of flora d. johnson?
Who's the Republican ticket with a Communist ticket of (none), and a Socialist ticket of joseph g. glass?
Who's the Republican ticket with a Democratic ticket of matthew j. merritt?
What is the giant slalom with a 37 super g?
What season had a game in the first round with a result of 4–1, 0–1?
What country had an opponent of Sampdoria?
Who was the opponent during the second round?
What was the result of the second round?
What Opponent has an Attendance that is 26,880?
What nation has a Record of 5.06m(16ft7in)?
What is the Date when Russia was the nation and the venue was madrid , spain?
What is the Date when yelena isinbayeva was the Athlete, with a Record of 4.90m(16ft0¾in)?
What is the Nation when the Athlete was emma george, and a Record of 4.58m(15ft0¼in)?
Who tied with 8 losses and 50% wins?
Which win has a loss of IPL?
Which win has 38.67% wins?
What percentage of wins has 48 losses?
What was tied at 15 played?
What was the average round for john markham draft pick?
What school did draft pick before 125, will allen go to?
What school did draft pick from round 3 go to?
What is the fewest games lost by Paulistano with more than 39 points?
How many games were played against when the team played more than 22 total?
What was the highest number of against when the difference was 58 and the total played was more than 22?
What is the Score with a Winning team that is san antonio spurs?
Which Result has an Attendance of 60,705?
How many Weeks have a Result of w 17–13?
Which Opponent that has a Week larger than 3 on october 6, 1991?
When has Attendances of 45,795?
In what Week has a Result of l 24–20, and a Opponent of at new england patriots?
What years were the goals less then 160?
What is the IATA code for the airport with an ICAO code of HLLS?
What airport is in Sabha?
What is the ICAO code for the airport with RBA as its IATA code?
What country is Istanbul in?
Which airport has SEB as its IATA code?
What position does the player from Winston-Salem State play?
What is the total number of points for the song that was ranked 6th and had a draw number smaller than 5?
When was the average year that the number of floors was greater than 75?
What is the average number of floors of the Venetian tower?
Which arena was founded in 2000?
Can you tell me the total number of Rank that has the Matches of 427, and the Goals smaller than 320?
Can you tell me the Matches that has the Rank of 1?
Can you tell me the Matches that has the Rank smaller than 6, and the Years of 1943-62?
Which class had a number under 4 and was built in 1988?
How many items withdrawn had numbers over 5?
What is the sum of numbers that had a type of Driving Van Trailer?
What rank has 1 silver, more than 2 gold, and a total larger than 3?
What is the most gold where silver is 0?
What is the number of silver where the rank is higher than 4 and bronze is smaller than 1?
What is the rank where the gold is 0?
What is the rank that has 1 bronze and 1 silver?
What is the total launch failures when there are 4 launches, and the not usable is greater than 0?
What is the highest number of not usable satellites when there are more than 0 launch failures, less than 30 retired, and the block is I?
What is the average number of not usable satellited when there are 0 retired, and the launch failures are less than 1?
What is the lowest number of members on the Cultural and Educational Panel, when the University of Dublin had 3 members, when the Industrial and Commercial Panel had more than 0 members, and when the Agricultural Panel had more than 4 members?
What was the average number of members Nominated by the Taoiseach, when the Agricultural Panel had less than 1 member, and when the Administrative Panel had fewer than 0 members?
What was the lowest number of members on the Agricultural Panel, when the Industrial and Commercial Panel had 9 members, and when the National University of Ireland had more than 3 members?
What was the greatest number of members for the National University of Ireland, when the Total number of members in the Seanad was 60, and when the Administrative Panel had more than 7 members?
What is Final round, when Player is Danilo Gallinari?
For the film with director listed as 1998, what was the gross in Singapore?
Who was the director for the film produced by River Films?
Who was the producer for the film directed by 1998?
For the film titled 1997, what was the gross in Singapore?
Who was the producer for the film directed by 1997?
For the directed by 1991, what was the gross in Singapore?
What is the most points scored for teams with under 25 goals scored, 3 draws, and more than 21 games played?
What day was there a set 1 of 25-18?
What is the Week when the kick off was at 4:05 pm, and the result was w 31–14?
What time was the kickoff when the miami dolphins were the opponent?
What is Round 2 when Round 4 is Double and Round 3 is Single?
What points has united kingdom as the country, and 10 as the place?
What machine has tony rutter as the rider?
What machine has 5 as the place?
How many places have yamaha as the machine, and 89.85mph as the speed?
How many places did the artist Big Hit have with less than 2934 votes?
How many average votes did producer carlos coelho have in a higher place than 6 and with a draw larger than 5?
What is the name of the MySpace Band with an Original Airdate of 19 february 2008?
What is the Musical Guest/Song with a pilot of 3?
What is the Original Airdate for the YouTube Hero greg pattillo?
What is the Musical Guest/Song with an original airdate of january 2008?
What is the Pilot number for the YouTube Hero greg pattillo?
What is the name of the MySpace Band with an Original Airdate of 25 march 2008?
What is the total number of top-25s for tournaments that had 0 wins, 1 cut made, and more than 5 events?
What is the fewest number of top-5s for events with more than 1 win?
What is the highest number of top-25s for events with 0 wins?
What is the home leg who are opponents of rotor volgograd
What is the round with ajax opponents
Which acquisition via has a position of forward and is on the state school or club?
Which is the acquisition via that has a school or club team of state?
What is the position of Allen Gamboa?
Which position is number 16?
What year had a date of TBA where the Oakland raiders were the home team?
Who was the home team on October 28 when the new england patriots were the visitors?
Who were the visitors when the Atlanta Falcons were the home team?
Who were the home team during the game that aired on Fox after 2007 on October 23?
What was the birthplace of the player who weighs 98 KG and was born on May 1, 1984?
What was the Name v t e, of the player whose Weight (kg) was 84, whose Position was D, and whose Jersey number was 2?
What is the lowest win percentage for when Perth Scorchers is the opposition?
On which date was the game played on Week 13?
What is the total number of Std SAPs with 0-11 Opt SAPS?
For Model e64 what is the zAAPs/zIIPs?
For Model e12 what is the IFLs/uIFLs?
Which Player has a School/Club Team of Illinois?
Which Player plays Guard-Forward Position for School/Club Team Pepperdine?
What Position does the Player Vince Carter hold?
Which School/Club Team does Vince Carter Play for?
Who is the Player for School/Club Team Illinois?
What score has 7-0 as the result?
What competition has 17-1 as the result?
What competition has 17-1 as the result?
What is the set 2 with a 25-23 set 1 and a 17-19 set 5?
What is the set 5 with a 25-23 set 3?
Who had the high pick of the round of 10 for Fairmont State college?
What was the name of the player for pick 402?
What is the date of the week 4 game?
What is the result of the game on October 17, 1965?
What is the Rank for Viktors Dobrecovs with less than 325 Matches?
What is the number of Matches for Vits Rimkus with a Rank of less than 3?
What is the Date for the game at michie stadium • west point, ny?
What is the Opponent when the location was groves stadium • winston-salem, nc, with a result of t 17-17?
In 1879-81 with number built 4, what is the LMS nos?
On which date was the class 157?
Can you tell me the lowest Ends Lost that has the Locale of norway, and the Blank Ends larger than 17?
What was the Margin of Victory of winning score 68-67-69-65=269?
What is the To Par of winning score 71-66-70-67=274?
Which tournament had a winning score of 67-61-68-67=263?
How many tries for are associated with 5 points and 2 tries against?
What is the losing bonus associated with 0 tries for?
What's the highest against score that drew more than 5, and had more than 18 points?
What's the number of losses where played was less than 17?
What is team ypiranga-sp's average position when they lost by less than 7?
What was the attendance for the game at groves stadium • winston-salem, nc with a result of L 0-14?
Who was the opponent when the result was L 0-14?
What is the name of the position of the person whose hometown is Queens, NY?
What is Tim Andree's greatest number?
What is the lowest number of the player with a hometown of Bellwood, IL?
What is Score, when Attendance is 2,444?
What is Home Team, when Tie No is Replay, and when Attendance is 2,048?
What is Score, when Tie No is 17?
What is Away Team, when Tie No is 4?
What is Score, when Attendance is 3,416?
What is the sum of Away Losses with a No Result of more than 0, losses of more than 6, and matches of more than 91?
What stadium was the December 29, 2008 game played at?
Which bowl game had a conference matchup of Ohio State vs. Texas?
What stadium was the Fiesta Bowl played at?
What was the payout in US dollars at the Insight Bowl?
What was the conference matchup in the bowl game with a $3 million payout?
What was the conference matchup for the bowl game played in Glendale, Arizona?
Which Team has Tries for smaller than 10?
Which Tries against have Points against larger than 109?
What Tries against that have a Points against of 95 and Tries for larger than 20?
What Tries for has a Team of neath, and Points against larger than 109?
How many Points against that have a Team of harlequins and Tries against smaller than 8?
What is the power that belongs to Class A with an Identifier of CBOC-FM?
Which class has a frequency of 91.9 fm?
What power belongs to the LP Class and has an Identifier of CBLI?
Which city has a C1 class and Identifier of CBCD-FM?
Which Power has a CBLI Identifier?
What is the RECNet belonging to Class A with a Power of 3,000 watts?
What is the report in the tournament that started at 12:30?
Which 2007 has a 2003 of 1r?
Which 2006 has a 2012 of a, and a 2011 of 3r?
Which 2008 has a 2002 of a, and a Tournament of australian open?
Which 2012 has a 2008 of grand slam tournaments?
Which 2002 has a 2009 of 2r?
Which 2010 has a 2002 of 2r?
What is th US A.C. in 1985 with a US hot 100 of 57?
What is the Canada singles in 1979 with a US A.C. of 24?
What is the US A.C. in 1974?
What is the average round of player Sammy Morris?
What is the sum pick # of the player from round 4?
Who is the player from Arizona State?
What is the sum of the round of the player who plays linebacker and has a pick # greater than 251?
Who is the player from Arizona state with a round less than 7?
What's the highest week for the day of October 21, 1956?
What is the least recent week number when the attendance is 16,562?
What is Country , when Rider is Lindsay Porter?
What is Time, when Speed is 87.49mph?
What is Country, when Points are more than 12?
What is Speed, when Time is 1:24.23.0?
What is Country, when Time is 1:29.43.60?
What is the lowest Place, when Points are greater than 2?
What team was the opponent when the result was l 0-27?
What team was the opponent on 09/20/1975?
What is the Location of the game on 11/08/1975*?
How many gold medals were awarded to the team with more than 2 bronze and exactly 29 silver medals?
What is the latest year that Cicely Tyson is the Golden Globe Award actor?
What Motion Picture after 2003 had Viola Davis nominated for Best Supporting Actress?
What Award has a date of 2002?
What Award was received bby the Motion Picture What's Love Got To Do With It?
What is the latest Year with Marianne Jean-Baptiste as the Golden Globe Actor?
Which film was released in August 2004?
What was the production cost for the film directed by 2004?
What film did Pen-Ek Ratanaruang direct?
When was the film directed by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang released?
Who directed Tequila?
Who left office in June 2011?
What is the Born-Died date for the Representative of Italy?
What is the country of the Representative that left office as incumbent?
What is Package/Option, when Language is Italian, and when Television Service is Sky Radio?
What is HDTV, when Television Service is MTV Rocks?
What is Television Service, when HDTV is No, and when Language is Italian?
What is Television Service, when Package/Option is Sky Famiglia, and when Language is Italian?
What is HDTV, when Language is English, and when Television Service is MTV Dance?
How many average 100s were there for Tim Bresnan?
How many Platforms have a Frequency of less than 2?
What is the 1999-2000 team, when the Height (cm) is less than 187, and when the Birthplace is Cloquet, Minnesota?
What is the sum of Height (cm), when the Weight (kg) is 90?
Which Losses have a Pct of .451 and Finished 6th?
Which season has Losses of 30?
In which Season was the Division Washington Bullets?
In which season were there Wins of 29 and a Finished place of 3rd?
What is the EASA (EU) when the notes show aoc 135?
What is the Notes when the fleet size is 3?
What is the Fleet Size when the EASA (EU) is no?
hat is the Airline when the EASA (EU) is yes?
What is the Airline when the notes show aoc 135?
What is the highest Year with a Competition that is new york city marathon?
What is the Notes with a Venue that is venice, italy?
What is 1994, when 2002 is ATP Masters Series?
What is 2001, when 1987 is N/A, and when Career SR is N/A?
What is 1989, when 1999 is F, and when 1994 is 2R?
What is 2001, when 1990 is A, when 1987 is NME, and when 1997 is 1R?
What is 1997, when 2003 is 0 / 4?
What is the average total 0 are nominated by the Taoiseach and the agricultural panel is greater than 5?
What is the total of the cultural and educational panel when the industrial and commercial panel is 0 and the agricultural panel is greater than 0?
What is the total for the University of Dublin when 2 are nominated by Taoiseach and the industrial and commercial panel is greater than 0?
What is the highest labour panel when the university of dublin is less than 2 and the agricultural panel is greater than 5?
What is the average for the university of dublin when the industrial and commercial panel is greater than 4 and the total of the national university of ireland is larger than 3?
When has a Site of tainan city and a Score of 8–6?
Which Score that has a Winning team of wei chuan dragons?
What is the number of 2011 passengers in millions that have traveled a distance of 1271km?
What is the number of 2012 passengers in millions that have traveled a distance of 1075km?
What is SECOND, when SIXTH is Victoria?
What is SECOND, when FIRST is Western Australia?
How many losses does corinthians have when they scored over 22 points?
What was the termination type for the headphones with comfort pads and selling for $150?
What are the earpads for the headphones that are Reference class and have MSRP of $695?
What earpads do the headphones with driver-matched dB over 0.05 and MSRP of $79 have?
What is the name of the race from round 1?
Which race was in Sydney, New South Wales?
Which circuit had a round larger than 5?
What is the title of the story published on October 19, 2011?
What Issue number was released on August 17, 2011?
What story title was included in Issue #8?
Which young classification has general classification of Christian Vande Velde for Team Columbia and Mark Cavendish?
What mountains classification corresponds to Mark Cavendish and the Garmin-Chipotle-H30?
Who was the winner for a Sprint Classification and Young Classification to Mark Cavendish and Garmin-Chipotle-H30 for team?
Which outcome has a partner named Mark Dickson, with the opponents of Hans Gildemeister Belus Prajoux?
What is the Format with a Catalog that is vcrd 103?
What is the Region with a Catalog that is vlmx 1087-3?
What is the Format with a Label of electropolis and a Date that is 2002?
How many in the cultural and educational panel have a university of Dublin of 3 & A labor panel larger than 11?
What is Margin, when Match Date is Oct 17, 2007?
What is Team (B), when S No is greater than 17?
What is the total number of S No(s), when the Margin is 16 runs?
What is the highest S No, when the Match Date is Nov 1, 2003?
What is Team (B), when S No is less than 18, when Margin is 8 Wickets, and when Match Date is Oct 30, 1989?
When was the last time, since December 14, 1986, that the attendance was lower than 47,096?
What is the Surface of indoor/carpet Outcome on 13 October 1996
What the Outcome for the Tournament of Johannesburg, South Africa
What is the launch site of the delta iv rocket?
What is the type of the gps iif-10 satellite with an unknown date?
What is the type of the gps iif-10 satellite?
What is the launch site of the delta iv rocket with an unknown date and a gps iif-10 satellite?
What is the date of the gps iif-7 satellite?
What was the finish for 1992?
What was Andretti's finish for the year he had a Buick engine and started 16th?
What was Andretti's finish the year he started 16th with a Buick engine?
Which Drawn has a Points of 6, and a Against larger than 16?
Which Points has a Difference of 3, and a Played smaller than 10?
Which Points has a Team of são paulo athletic, and a Position larger than 5?
Which Position has a Played larger than 9, and a Points smaller than 11, and a Drawn smaller than 0?
What track has a catalogue of 47-9465?
What track has a time of 2:30?
What catalogue was recorded on 9/10/67 and a release date of 1/9/68?
Where does Norway rank in total medals among countries with fewer than 7 bronzes?
What is the Inns of 435 Runs?
What is the average 1st place with a Rank that is larger than 10?
What week was the Runner-up Lori McNeil?
When the runner-up was Jing-qian Yi, who was the winner?
What is the highest episode number in which Jamie Oliver guest-hosted?
What is the score of the home game for the Cavaliers where Lebron James (46) was the lead scorer?
Who was the leading scorer against the visiting team Bulls?
What date was the game played against the home team Rockets?
What was the Date of the Cimmeria Issue for which the Penciller was Tomás Giorello?
When did the Issue with the Title Homecoming come out?
Which average match has a lost greater than 0, points greater than 6, legia warszawa as the team, and a draw less than 0?
What draw has a lost less than 6 with 28 as the points?
Which average lost that has a match less than 14?
What is the Match for skra warszawa?
What is the Draw for skra warszawa?
What is the Lost when the points were dissolved?
What is the Draw for match 10, and the team was skra warszawa?
What is the Draw for the team of tramwajarz łódź?
What is the Draw for the team tramwajarz łódź?
What is the Location when the novelty is gen?
What shows for Unit with a status of nomen oblitum?
What is the Location when the name is telmatosaurus?
What is the Status with a novelty of gen et sp, and the name is haplocanthosaurus?
How many League cups had a total less than 25 and a league larger than 19?
How many FA trophies did Ceri Williams get with a smaller total than 19?
Which City has an Average of 6.85?
What is the Average of bergen, norway?
Which Comprehension of Danish has an Average smaller than 6.85, and a Comprehension of Norwegian of 4.13?
What are the Attendance numbers for november 18, 1990?
What is the Date for a week higher than 7 with a record of 9–1?
What is the average week of a game on November 12, 1989?
What is the Set 5 with a Set 3 that is 25-23 and a Set 4 that is 23-25?
What is the sum of the Game with a Set 4 of 25-21 and a Set 3 of 25-23?
What is the Set 5 with a Game that is 59?
What shows for nation when the Competition is preseason, Year less than 2011, and a Club of chivas de guadalajara?
What was the Result for the club universidad de guadalajara?
What is the Nation with 2012 as the year, and a Competition of preseason, and a Result of w 0–3?
What is the average Year when the Competition was friendly, and a Club of everton?
What is the Competition when the Club was costa rica u-20?
What is the Club of mexico, Year of 2010, and a Competition of preseason, and a Result of w 0–1?
What is the lowest total when the nation is Sweden?
What is the average Total when silver is less than 1, and the rank is 15?
What is the total number of Bronze when rank is 11, and the total is less than 1?
What year is the latest year that has no under director?
With yes under writer and in 2014, what is the director?
Who is the writer of the film Run?
What is the most goals made for a person with less than 208 matches and ranked lower than 12?
In what years was there a rank lower than 9, under 84 goals, and more than 158 matches?
What is the HDTV status of the r-light television service?
Which television service has programmi per adulti 24h/24 content and no HDTV?
Which television service has a qualsiasi package/option?
What is the total number of wins for Darley of Ballarat FL against larger than 1055?
What is the lowest draw that has less than 4 wins, 14 losses, and against more than 1836?
What is the average Byes that has Ballarat FL of Sunbury against more than 1167?
What is the average draws with more than 1 win, 14 losses, and against less than 1836?
What was the lowest draw from Ballarat FL of sunbury, and byes larger than 2?
Which away has apoel as the club?
Which away has uefa cup as the competition, group f as the round, with espanyol as the club?
In what location were the fatalities unknown for the Ju-52 aircraft?
In what location was the tail number ZS-SPF?
What was the location of the Ju-52 aircraft?
How many fatalities occurred for an unknown tail number?
What was the tail number with 3/3 fatalities?
How many fatalities occurred for the Ju-52 aircraft?
What was the score for a goal of 6?
Where was the match held on July 17, 1999?
Who was on the Democratic ticket for the Office of Attorney General?
What name has gen et sp nov as the novelty?
What authors have clarno formation as the unit, actinidia oregonensis as the name?
What novelty has USA as the location, and coryloides as the name?
What status has paleopanax as the name?
What unit has gen et sp nov as the novelty?
Which date was the Memorial Tournament held on, when Payne Stewart was runner-up?
What is the 2007-08 result when the event was Colonial Square?
What is the 2008-09 result has Masters as the event?
What year gave a nominated result for the room 222 series?
What was actor Teresa Graves's series before the year 1993?
Which motor's quantity was more than 8, and a class of bs 1915?
Which motor's class was bs 1910?
What is the quantity when the seats number was 16 and the class was kss 1913?
What is the Root of All Evil with an Original air date that is september 3, 2008?
Goals Conceded (GC) that has a Draw (PE) larger than 2, and a Goals Scored (GF) larger than 19?
What is the number for the University of Dublin with their Cultural and Educational Panel of 5, and an Industrial and Commercial Panel with less than 9?
Which Rank has a Losing Semi- finalist larger than 1, and a Winner smaller than 5?
Which Rank has a Country of costa rica, and a Losing Semi- finalist larger than 1?
Which Rank has a Runner -up smaller than 0?
What Year was the United States the country for aug 3–5?
What is the highest Purse for aug 3–5?
Which country has a qualsiasi tranne sky hd package/option?
Which package/option has sky wwe 24/7 television service?
What is the package/option for the calcio content?
What is the language of the television service cartello promozionale sky hd?
What kind of bike had a grid less than 23, an accident under time, and Graeme Gowland as a rider?
Who was the rider with more than 5 laps on a grid bigger than 29 on a Honda CBR600RR and time at +1:27.385?
Who was the rider with a grid of 36?
Which bike had a grid less than 35 and time at 37:58.607?
What is Result, when Director is Veljko Bulajić category:articles with hcards, and when Original title is Sarajevski Atentat?
What is Result, when Director is Mirza Idrizović category:articles with hcards?
What is Original title, when Film title used in nomination is Train Without A Timetable?
What is Original title, when Director is Veljko Bulajić category:articles with hcards, and when Film title used in nomination is Train Without A Timetable?
What is Film title used in nomination, when Year (Ceremony) is 1968 (41st)?
What is Director, when Result is nominee, and when Year (Ceremony) is 1969 (42nd)?
Which name's height in centimeters is 178 when its weight in kilograms is less than 91?
What is the name of the player with the High points when there was a Record of 31–48?
What is the name of the player with the High rebounds when there was a Score of l 108–114 (ot)?
What is the Lead for the 1999–00 season?
What is the Second when the third is don walchuk?
What is the Season when the Lead was don bartlett, and the third was don walchuk, and a Second of carter rycroft?
What is the Skip when the Third was john morris?
What is the Third when the Lead was don bartlett, the Second was carter rycroft, and a Season of 2003–04?
What is the Lead when the Second was marc kennedy, in the 2012–13 season?
What is the name of the city with a capacity of 41,311?
What is the State with Suwon as the city
What is the State with a home venue of suwon sports complex?
What is the team name for Chungju?
What is the Team with a venue of Anyang Stadium?
What is the State with Gwangju Fc as the team?
What is the To par, when the Player is Loren Roberts?
What is the To par, when the Score is 68-71-69=208?
What is the Place, when the Score is 68-70-71=209?
What is the Place, when the Player is Chris Dimarco?
What is the Score, when the Country is United States, when the Place is T3, and when the Player is Chris Riley?
What is the score where the opponent was Mardy Fish?
What surface was played on with a score of 6–4, 6–3 and on 4 May 1992?
What is the name of the tournament played 13 November 2000?
Which tournament was played on 12 February 2001?
What is the average round number with wide receiver as position and Clark University as the college and the pick number is bigger than 166?
Which team had a year entering the league under 2009, located in Bath?
What is the year of entry for the University of Essex?
What is the 2013-2014 division for the Wolverhampton Wildcats?
What is the least amount of draws with an against of 1261?
What label shows an Album of cover version v?
What is the Label when the album shows cover version vi?
What is the name of the Covered Song when the Album shows cover version iii?
What is the sum of Week when there were 67,968 people in attendance?
What is the Week number with a result of l 31–28?
What was the score at the Tie no. 1 game?
What was the attendance at the West Ham United home game?
What is the Sport with a Name that is gustav larsson?
What is the Name with an Event that is men's time trial?
At which venue did the event held on 15 November 2010 occur?
Which Points has a Performer of rob burke band and a Draw larger than 1?
Which Points have a Performer of seán monaghan and a Draw smaller than 7?
Which Points has a Performer of rob burke band?
What is the Finish of 28 Wins?
What is the Finish of the Reno Bighorns Wins?
What is the Finish of 28 Wins?
What is the Western Division of Wins with a 4th Finish?
What are the losses of the playoffs season?
What is Team 1, when Team 2 is Saint Louis?
What is Agg., when Team 2 is Mukungwa?
What is the Round with an Opponent that is torpedo moscow?
Can you tell me the sum of Matches that has the Goals of 103, and the Rank larger than 9?
Can you tell me the Name that has the Goals larger than 98, and the Rank of 7?
How many laps had a time stat of accident for the rider carmelo morales when the grid was more than 25?
How many laps had a time of +2.987?
Which bike had fewer than 23 laps and a grid number of 4?
What is the Record for week 14?
What is the Result with an NFL Recap, played at bank of america stadium?
What is the Record for week 12?
What is the Opponent with a time of 2:05 p.m., and the results were w 26–20?
What is the highest Week for october 12, 2008?
Which team has 1 as the drawn, with 2 as the lost?
How many drawns have 7 for the lost?
What is the average played that has a drawn greater than 1, with an against greater than 16?
What is the sum of Maidens with a number of Matches that is 2?
Ranking higher than 2, what Team has Player Paolo Maldini?
What Country is in Rank 2?
What date was Leo Mainoldi (24) the leading scorer?
Who is the visitor with the 14-10 record?
What is the record of the 73-82 score?
Who is the leading scorer of the Villa De Los Barrios visitor?
Who is the visitor with a 14-10 record?
What is the score of the team with the 14-9 record?
What was the date of the game with 6 goals?
What was the highest number of goals for a game held at Hannover?
What was the result of the game with more than 12 goals at Pasadena?
What round was Andre Fluellen drafted as a Defensive Tackle?
After Round 5, which player was drafted for Defensive Tackle?
What was the earliest Round for Central Florida?
What is the date of the label Dos or Die Recordings?
What is the label for 2002, in Germany, Catalog Dos 195?
What region has a 2002 date, and a Catalog dos 195?
What is the Winners when the United States is the runner-up at st. germain golf club?
What is the average Year when Australia was the runner-up at victoria golf club?
What is the Location when France was the runner-up at club de campo?
What is the Location when Canada was the runner-up and Australia was the winner?
What is the Name of the Space Telescope Terminated on March 1993?
What is Party, when Opinion Research Centre (OPC) is 1.5%?
What is Marplan, when Gallup is 1.5%
What is Opinion Research Centre (OPC), when Party is Conservative?
What is Harris, when Marplan is 1.3%
What are the fewest points that Roger Dutton/Tony Wright have received?
How fast does the BMW with 6 points go?
What is the average draw for Desi Dobreva, was it less than 6?
What was the first leg score for the match that had AS Police as team 2?
What was the result for the Outstanding director of a musical category?
What was the result of the Award of Drama desk award nominee Tom Hewitt.
What year was best costume design the award category?
Which accolade has USA as the country, with a year less than 2009?
How many years have an accolade of 50 best albums of the year, with #3 as the rank?
Which rank has canada as the country?
What is the name of the Guest Host for Episode Number of 5?
What is the Guest Host for the episode on 8 june 2008?
What is the Musical Guest (Song performed) for the episode aired on 13 july 2008?
What was the score for the 2014 FIFA World Cup Qualification (UEFA)?
What was the kickoff time for week 11's game?
When Mark O'meara was the senior player champion in a year greater than 1998, who was the tradition?
Who was the tradition when Roberto Devicenzo won the U.S. Senior Open and the Senior British Open was founded in 1987?
Who won the Senior British Open when Hale Irwin (3/7) won the Senior PGA Championship?
When Tom Watson (5/6) won the Senior British Open who won the Senior PGA Championship?
Which Week has Points For larger than 19, and an Opponent of philadelphia eagles, and Points Against larger than 7?
Which Attendance has a First Downs smaller than 26, an Opponent of los angeles rams, and Points For larger than 28?
Which League Cup has a FA Cup of 5, and a Club of boston united, and a League smaller than 16?
How many Total that has a FA Trophy of 0 and a Player of charlie butler?
How many  FA Trophy has a Player of mario walsh and a League larger than 17?
What was the score of the winning match on Oct 28, 1962?
By how many strokes did Lema beat Jack Nicklaus?
Who was the runner-up on Jan 19, 1964?
How many Rebounds did Maccabi Tel Aviv Team get after Game 6?
How many Games for the player with Rebounds from Efes Pilsen?
How many Games for the Player from Lietuvos Rytas Vilnius with less the 43 Rebounds?
Who is The Author of zhou clarke zhang?
What is the Status of primitive confuciusornithid .?
What is the name of gao chiappe meng o'connor wang cheng liu?
Where has a Name of zhongornis?
Which Notes has Authors of zhou clarke zhang?
What was the ranking of Beirasar Rosalía, the year they played 32 games?
How many points did Antwain Barbour score in the year he played 39 games?
What team was Paolo Quinteros on?
Was the record of 8-1 (1) a win or a loss?
In what event was the technical decision (split) method used?
What are the average play-offs that have an FA Cup greater than 3?
How many totals have a play-off less than 0?
Which league has an FA cup greater than 0, with a total greater than 21?
What is the highest play-offs that have stevenage borough as the club, and a total greater than 21?
What is the tournament in 2012 results that has a 2003 results of 2r and played at Wimbledon?
What results in 2012 also has 2013 results of 2r and the tournament was Wimbledon?
What is the results from 2003 that has a 2012 result of 1r and a 2004 result of 2r and from the Australian Open?
What is the name of the tournament that has the results of 2003 2r and 2004 1r?
What is the results in 2004 that has a 2013 result of 2r?
What is the result from 2003 from the US Open?
What is the height of the player born on June 24, 1964, with a weight over 84 kg?
On what date was the player from Melrose, Massachusetts born?
What is Date, when Event is Billabong Pro?
What is Location, when Date is December 8-December 20?
What is Runner-up, when Event is Mancora Peru Classic?
What is Event, when Date is August 20-August 27?
What is Date when Runner-up is Sofía Mulánovich ( per )?
What is Country, when Event is Rip Curl Women's Pro?
What is the highest win percentage when there were 23 losses?
Which finish had a win percentage that was more than 0.598 and also had less than 53 wins?
What is the 2007 Team with player Deshaun Foster?
What is the Free Agent Type for player bryant johnson?
What is the High assists with a Date that is march 31?
What is the Score with a Date that is march 12?
What is the lowest silver that has a bronze greater than 1, a gold less than 2, and a total less than 2?
What average rank that has a silver less than 0?
How many silver have 4 as the total with a bronze less than 2?
How many totals have a rank greater than 4, czech Republic as the nation, and a bronze greater than 0?
What average total has a gold greater than 0, and a silver greater than 0, with a bronze greater than 2?
Which country has an Indigenous mining production 2006 of 0?
What is the sum of Silver when the total is less than 6, the rank is 6 and the Bulgaria is the nation?
What nation has a bronze of 2 with a total less than 5 and rank of 6?
What is the lowest Total for rank 3 with more than 4 gold?
What is the lowest Total for Italy with less than 0 silver?
What is the Nation with less than 1 silver, and the total is 1, and bronze is less than 0?
What number has 2002-2003 as the season?
What position has 2008 as the season?
What name has 50 as the number?
What number has 2008 as the season?
What name has 8 as the number?
What position has ronjay buenafe as the name?
What was the lowest long with 26 yards?
What was the highest average when Fuml was 0?
What is the highest run currently since the last title in 2010, and a season in Esiliiga larger than 10?
What is the 2012 season in Esiliiga more than 4, and more than 0 titles?
What 20-29 was in season 2008?
What were the lowest amount of points for season 1994?
Which 20-29 had a season of 1997?
What is the Postion, when the Name is Rod Paavola?
What is the total number of Jersey #, when the Position is W, and when the Birthdate is 17 October 1932?
What is the Birthplace, when the Name is Bob Mcvey?
What is the Name, when the Position is W, and when the Jersey # is 11?
What is the Postion, when the Club/Team is Warroad Lakers, and when the Name is Roger Christian?
What home has 122-28 as the score?
What ground has etobicoke kangaroos as the home?
What time has humber college north as the ground, and toronto downtown dingos as the home?
What score has Toronto Eagles as the home?
What date has high park demons as the away?
What away has toronto downtown dingos as the home?
Who was the winner from the Rip Curl Pro Search?
What was the location of the tournament held in Spain?
What was the date of the tournament held in Indonesia?
What is the average Lost when the difference is - 3, and a Played is less than 10?
What is the Position when the Drawn is less than 2, with a Difference of 2?
What is the sum of Against when the drawn is less than 2, the position is more than 8, and the lost is more than 6.
What is the Difference with a position of less than 3, and, 17 points.
What is the average Top-5, when Tournament is U.S. Open, and when Cuts Made is greater than 10?
What is the sum of Events, when Top-10 is 7, and when Top-5 is greater than 4?
What is the sum of Top-5, when Tournament is Totals, and when Events is greater than 86?
What is the average Top-10, when Wins is less than 0?
What is the total number of Top-25, when Events is greater than 86?
What 2011 has 4r as the 2008?
What 2007 has wimbledon as the tournament?
What 2006 has 1r as the 2007?
What tournament has q2 as the 2004?
What 2009 has grand slam tournaments of 2008?
What 2006 has 0-0 as the 2011?
What is the Lineup from a Match that is 27?
What is the date for Orangeville?
Who is the builder with a works number of 2534?
Who is the name with a works number of 809?
In early 1873, Owen sound had what works number?
What was the name for the locomotive with a type of 2-8-0 and a number of 20?
What is the Year won for the player with a larger than 4 To par and less the 157 Total?
What is the Total for the Player who won after 1983 with less than 4 To par?
What is the Total of the player who won before 1983 with a smaller than 4 To par?
Which venue led to a draw?
What is the highest Stolen Ends when ludmila privivkova shows for skip?
What is the sum of Blank Ends for Denmark when less than 42 is the ends lost?
What is the Blank Ends when there are less than 39 ends won and, more than 35 ends lost, and 4 stolen ends.
Who was the 20 Questions section aimed at when the Interview Subject was Camille Paglia?
Who was the Centerfold Model on 5-95?
Who was the 20 Questions section aimed at when Cover Model was Kimberley Conrad Hefner?
Who was the Centerfold Model when the Cover Model was Julie Lynn Cialini?
Who was the Interview Subject when the Centerfold Model was Melissa Deanne Holliday?
Who was the 20 Questions section aimed at when Centerfold Model was Rachel Jeán Marteen?
What was the average Jersey # of Steve Griffith, when his Weight (kg) was less than 84?
What was the lowest Weight (kg) for a player that had Jersey #10?
How many different Heights (cm) did Mark Fusco have, when his Jersey # was less than 16?
What was the title of the episode that martin worth wrote the story for?
In what year was Xavier Malisse the runner-up with scores of 4–6, 6–4, [8–10]?
On what surface was the game played that had a score of 4–6, 6–4, [8–10]?
What is Caps, when Province / Club is Example, when Position is Prop, and when Player is Sam Walters?
What is Postition, when Date of Birth (Age) is Example, and when Player is Mark Spencer?
What is Player, when Caps is Example, and when Position is Center?
What is Caps, when Province / Club is DRFC, and when Position is Center?
What is Position, when Caps is Example, and When Player is Shane Kelly?
What is Position, when Province / Club is Example, when Date of Birth (Age) is Example, and when Player is Michael Elumeze?
What is the average number played of the team with 1 drawn and 24 against?
What is the highest lost number of the team with less than 14 points and less than 18 played?
Which team had 1 position?
What is the lowest number of played of the team with 18 points and a position greater than 5?
What is the total number of points of the team with less than 4 drawn and an against of 34?
What is the average number of drawn with a difference of 17 and 22 points?
What is the team that has forward-center as a position?
What team does Kenny Smith play for?
What years was Lebanon the nationality?
Which margin of victory has cyber agent ladies as the tournament?
What date has yani tseng as the runner (s)-up?
What is the margin of victory that has masters gc ladies as the tournament?
What is the date that has yani tseng as the runner (s)-up?
What is the winning score that has victory of 2 strokes for the margin, and cyber agent ladies for the tournament?
What is the highest Poles with a win that is smaller than 0?
What is the headphone model with a plastic construction and a prestige headphone class?
What earpads does the headphone with plastic contruction and was succeeded by igrado have?
What are the earpads of the headphone with a plastic construction, an unknown sensitivity, and was succeeded by sr325?
What is the headphone model which was succeeded by sr325?
What regulations have hudson as the winning constructor?
What regulations have carlos arzani as the winning driver?
What is the latest year that has ferrari 166 fl as the winning constructor?
What is the city of license that has lp as the class?
What is the identifier that has 50,000 watts of power?
What RECNet has 40 watts of power and temagami as the city of license?
What city of license has A as a class, and cbec-fm as the identifier?
What RECNet has elk lake as the city of license?
What frequency has temagami as the city of license?
What is the highest Current Branch Opened, when Neighborhood is W. Portland Park?
What is the First Branch Opened, when Branch is Belmont Library?
What is Neighborhood, when Branch is Hollywood Library?
What is Current Branch Opened, when Branch is Midland Library?
Which player has the fewest assists and played 2 games or fewer?
What was the total number for March with less than 8.77 in January, more than 1.69 in December, an average monthly addition less than 5.35, and before 2004?
What is the total number for November, larger than 8.53 in February, 20.21 in March, and less than 7.9 in September?
What is the sum for December that has 0.36 in July, and lager than 0.35000000000000003 in February?
What is the total number for July with less than 8.05 in October, more than 4.46 in December, and more than 6.79 in November?
What is the total number in October with less than 2.48 in September, after 2002, more than 1.42 in June, and smaller than 7.44 in February?
What is the Catalog with a Region that is europe?
What is the highest SFC in g/(kN*s) for Rolls-Royce/Snecma Olympus 593 engines and SFCs under 1.195 lb/(lbf*h)?
What is Winner, when Week is 8 May, when Semi Finalists is Helena Suková Mary Pierce, and when Runner-Up is Conchita Martínez Patricia Tarabini?
What is Week, when Semi Finalists is Sandrine Testud Yone Kamio?
In what Season was Colin Miller (TAS) the Player?
What Rank has a 65 s Wicket?
Which result featured the Indianapolis Colts as opponents?
Whose Name has a Date of reclassification of 2003-04-01 (merge into shizuoka )?
WHich Japanese has a Prefecture of iwate?
Which Date of designation has a Name of kurume?
What kind of Japanese has a Region of tōhoku?
WHose Name has a Region of kansai on 2012-04-01 ( core city )?
What is the Position with a Birthdate that is august 17, 1980?
Which capacity has a purple and white colors?
How many households have a median family income of $60,400?
What is the average weight of the player with a height of 180 cm and plays the d position?
What was the resting potential with an AP duration of 1.0 and a median giant fiber cell type?
Which animal has a resting potential of −60?
Which animal has an AP duration of 1.0 and a conduction speed of 7–30?
What AP increase has an AP duration of 0.75?
Which cell type has a conduction speed of 35?
What was the total matches that ranked above 10?
What was the total amount of matches for Alan Shearer?
What is the average goals for Jimmy Greaves, and matches more than 516?
What was the total number of matches for Nat Lofthouse, ranking higher than 7?
What is the highest rank for Nat Lofthouse, and goals more than 255?
What is the location/state that has adelaide international raceway as the circuit?
What is the Original air date for the episode with a Production code of 07-00-107?
What is the name of the director of the episode written by robin schwartz & robert tarlow?
What is the Original air date for the episode directed by lev l. spiro, with a Production code of 07-00-109?
What is the name of the writer for the episode with an Original air date of october 9, 2000?
What is the Title written by Terri Hughes & Ron Milbauer, and an Original air date of march 6, 2001?
What time or retired does Scott Dixon have?
Which driver has a grid bigger than 3 and a time of +62.6 secs?
Who drives for Newman-Haas Racing with a time of 1:51:47.260?
Which driver had less than 65 laps for Sigma Autosport?
Which game modes have Pinyin of chāojí mǎlìōu shìjiè?
What is the lowest Population (1 July 2005 est.), when Population density (per km²) is 0?
What is Population density (per km²), when Name is Antigua and Barbuda, and when Capital is St. John's?
Who were the opponents on grass when playing with Mark Woodforde, and the outcome of winner, and a year greater than 1996?
Who was the partner at the Australian Open, Melbourne when the score was 2–6, 7–5, 6–2, 4–6, 3–6?
When playing on grass who was the opponents in a year greater than 1993, and playing with Jonas Björkman?
Which league's playoffs was national semi-finals?
Which country is Lemd the ICAO of?
Paris-Charles de Gaulle airport is in which country?
What is the ICAO for Riyadh, Saudi Arabia?
What is the IATA for Benghazi, Libya?
What is the average Grid for the honda cbr1000rr, with 18 laps and a time of +1:12.884?
What is the Bike with 18 laps and +41.280 as the time?
What is the Time when there are 18 laps, grid larger than 15, and Rider of Russell Holland?
What is the Bike with a grid more than 4 and the rider is Michel Fabrizio?
What was Lee Smith's highest number of goals when he made fewer than 364 appearances?
Which goals/game ratio has fewer than 201 goals and fewer than 170 appearances?
What is the average rank of the airport with a 9.3% annual change?
Where is the airport located that has a 98.9% in use capacity?
What rank is the airport in Fortaleza?
What is the Award name with a Team name that is cougar robotics team?
What is the zan 1 that has 11 as the nor 1?
What driver has 19 as the zan 1?
What driver has 5 as the zan 2?
What is the nor 2 that has nor 1 as nor 1?
What driver has 22 as nor 1?
What Date had a Result of draw, and a Venue of lord's?
What Date that had a Result of draw, with Oval as a venue?
What is the Away captain when the Result was draw, and a Venue of lord's?
What is the Date when the match Resulted in a draw?
What was the margin of victory when the winning score was –10 (70-72-68-68=278)?
When Gary Player was the runner-up, what was the margin of victory?
In what tournament was the winning score –10 (68-71-69-70=278)?
What is the highest number of wins when more than 17 cuts and more than 25 starts were made, and the top 10 ranking is less than 8?
What is the average number of starts when the money list rank is 108 and the rank in the top 25 is greater than 4?
What is the average number of starts when 11 cuts were made and the top 10 ranking is larger than 4?
What is the Name when the position is g, and weight is 190 pounds?
Who was the home team of the game on 2 February 2006?
What is the home team of the game with Warriors as the visitor team?
What date was the match on a hard surface with a score of 6–4, 2–6, 3–6?
What is the Score of the match on a clay surface with an outcome of winner, at the tournament ciudad juárez, and an Opponent in the final of estefania craciún?
What is the Outcome of the match with a Score of 6–3, 6–4?
What is the Outcome of the match with a Score of 6–3, 6–4?
What is the Outcome of the match on 12 september 2004?
What was the Surface when the Score was 6–4, 2–6, 3–6?
What was the total attendance at a game against the Pittsburgh Steelers before week 4?
What was the date of the game held at the A venue with a result of 0-1 against the Rangers?
Who was the opponent on November 11, 2001?
Who was the opponent before week 5 that played on September 23, 2001?
What is the frequency of the Turion 64 X2 TL-62?
What is the socket for Order Part Number TMDTL68HAX5DM?
What is the multiplier 1 for chips with a frequency of 1800MHz?
What is the socket type for the processor with a multiplier 1 of 11.5x?
What is the highest sample size administered on October 18?
What is the percentage for Mel Martinez when the sample size is 800?
How many games were played by the Scottish Wanderers where less than 5 Points were scored?
How many games were played where exactly 15 points were scored?
What LINER class has a W.A. of 0-6-0st with a 2 No. Built?
What is the pick number for Peter Moore of the Montreal Alouettes?
What CFL team did Kelly Bates play for?
How many average total matches have a swansea win less than 3, fa cup as the competition, with a draw less than 0?
How many cardiff wins have a draw greater than 27?
How many average total matches have league cup as the competition, with a draw greater than 0?
What is the number of tries for when the try bonus is 0?
How many points is there when the lost is 6 and the try bonus is 9?
How many pints does the Cambrian Welfare RFC have?
When the try bonus is 9 and the lost 4, what is the drawn?
Club Clwb Rygbi Cymru Caerdydd RFC has how many points?
What is the highest Rank with a density less than 376.37, the province was valverde, and an Area larger than 823?
What is the highest Density for the independencia province, with an area smaller than 2,007.4?
Which 2nd leg has pamesa valencia for team #2?
What is the team #1 that has unics kazan for team #2?
What is the 1st leg that has akasvayu girona as team #2?
Which Wins has a Tournament of totals, and a Cuts made larger than 42?
Which Top-10 has a Cuts made larger than 42?
Which Wins has a Top-5 of 6?
Which Cuts made has a Top-25 smaller than 3?
Which Top-10 has a Cuts made of 10, and a Top-5 larger than 1?
Concerning protestantism by country, the ranking is out of how many total?
What is the lowest rank that the protestants population holds?
The album titled I had what chart positions?
What is the title of the album that has Popup has the original label?
What is the format of the album with a year less than 1992?
What chart positions did the album reach when ep was the format?
What was the average pick with Ed O'Bannon and a round smaller than 1?
What player was drafted for the Detroit Pistons?
Which Team 2 had a Team 1 of montreal impact?
Which Team 2 had a Team 1of joe public?
Which team 1 had a Team 2 of hankook verdes?
What is the first leg score when team 2 is Wagad Mogadishu?
What is the Status with a Name that is anas cheuen?
What is the Unit with a Name that is anas cheuen?
What team was the Opponent when the Score was 31-6?
What is the Score when the record was 9-3-0?
What is the away team where the home team is Coventry City?
What is the score where the away team is Exeter City?
How many ties does Walsall have?
Where Bolton Wanderers is the home team, who is the away team?
How many ties are there where attendance is 11,997?
Where the away team is Bradford City, who is the home team?
For which school/club team did the player in the position of Guard/Forward play?
How was the player in the position of Center acquired?
In what season did Omar Thomas play, with a jersey number larger than 15?
How many total players came from the school/club team of De La Salle?
Which player is in the position of Guard/Forward?
What is the most wins associated with under 4 events with 0 top-5s?
What is the average number of events having 1 top-10, fewer than 4 cuts made, and 0 wins?
What is the average number of wins for events larger than 28?
What is the sum of top-25s for events with more than 1 top-5?
Who is the producer of city sharks?
What is the title of the film when the producer was 2003?
Who is the director when the title is 2003?
What is the production cost when the producer is raintree pictures?
What was the lowest attendance at a week 15 game?
What is the Score for the game with a record of 38-18?
What team was the opponent when the score was 8-2?
What is the Location when the opponent shows vs. ole miss, and a Loss of mckean (4-1)?
What is the name of the Opponent when there is a Record of 39-19?
What is the Record on may 24, with a Loss of hayes (2-1)?
What is the Location when the Opponent shows vs. #23 south carolina?
What is that if the weight for the play born on June 2, 1983?
What was the highest weight in kg for F Position, Jersey #12?
Which player is the NHL right, who was born in Downers Grove, Illinois?
Which coding's variant id is abd'1a 3?
Which 5'utr splice's coding is 1a 2, when the Variant id is abd'1a 2?
Which genbank id's variant is abd1a?
What year did Orlando have a School/Club team in Clemson?
What years did the player in Orlando play that is from the United States, and is part of the school/club team Clemson?
Who is the player for the School/Club team in Georgia?
What was the nationality of the player Pat Garrity?
What is the nationality of the School/Club team of Louisville?
How many features did Adam Carroll win 6 times when the start was larger than 32?
What is the lowest feature with 2 wins and 2 sprints?
How many sprints on average had 10 wins and less than 5 features?
Which country has a lane greater than 6 and a mark of 6.63?
What is the lowest lane for Nigeria, with a react less than 0.133?
What is the mark for Kim Collins?
Which country had 1 Bronze, 1 Silver, with a total of 3 medals?
Which country had more than 2 silvers and less than 4 golds?
What's the average bronze with a total number of medals being 1, with more than 0 silvers?
In the 2005 season, how many races did the 15th place team complete?
Which team completed 10 races?
What is the PBA team with a Pick that is 4?
What is the Player with a Pick that is 6?
How many totals have 1 gold and a rank smaller than 2?
How much gold did South Korea get?
What locomotive built after 1895 has the highest SLM number?
Which type of locomotive was built in 1923?
When the United Kingdom had a time of 1:30.51.2, what was the lowest that they ranked?
What County scored with a speed of 98.09mph?
What is Set 4, when Date is Jun 27, and when Set 3 is 17-25?
What is Score, when Set 3 is 17-25?
What is Set 5, when Date is Jun 26, and when Set 2 is 25-22?
What is Set 1, when Set 3 is 22-25?
What is Set 1, when Date is Jun 26, and when Set 4 is 26-24?
What is Set 4, when Set 5 is NA, and when Set 3 is 19-25?
What is the Team when the match was in buenos aires , argentina?
What is the Location when the team was seve ballesteros & manuel piñero?
What is the Location when the individual was josé maria cañizares?
What is the highest Year when the team was seve ballesteros & manuel piñero?
What is the total number of acres at Sai Tso Wan, opening before 1978?
Which Rank has a Goals smaller than 76, and a Matches larger than 270?
Which Matches have a Rank smaller than 5, a Years of 1995–2003, and a Goals smaller than 104?
Which Goals have a Name of lee dong-gook?
Which Rank has a Years of 1998–present?
Which Matches have a Rank of 2?
What Position was achieved in the World Championships Competition in Tokyo, Japan?
Which Competition was 1st Position with 57.03 in Notes?
What is the earliest Year for 400m h Event with 54.86 in Notes?
What is the total number of appearances for players from Chaux-de-Fonds with places over 8?
What is the highest week of the game on November 9, 1997?
Which Proto-Austronesian has a Proto-Oceanic of *lima?
Which Proto-Oceanic has a Proto-Polynesian of *lima?
Which Number has a Proto-Polynesian of *taha?
WHich Proto-Polynesian has a Number of five?
Which Proto-Polynesian has a Proto-Malayo-Polynesian of *telu?
Which  Proto-Oceanic has a Proto-Polynesian of *lima?
How many countries in 2009 have fewer than 1 in 1999, more than 0 in 2006 and none in 1997?
How much is the highest number in 2006 with fewer than 0 in 2002?
How many are there in 2003 that have 0 in 2001, more than 0 in 2009 and fewer than 0 in 1999?
Which country has more than 0 in 2012 and 2009, 0 in 2008 and more than 0 in 2004?
Which % GDP has an Expenditure larger than 50.9, and a Year larger than 2009, and an Income of 39.3?
Which Year has an Expenditure smaller than 41.3, and a % GDP of x, and an Income larger than 34.4?
Which Surplus(Deficit) has an Expenditure larger than 45.8, and a Year smaller than 2011, and a % GDP of (0.9%)?
Which Year has an Expenditure of 55, and an Income smaller than 36.2?
Which % GDP has a Year smaller than 2011, and an Expenditure larger than 41.3, and an Income smaller than 48, and a Surplus(Deficit) of (24.6)?
What year was the Grand Prix Passing Shot Bordeaux that had Runners-up of Diego Nargiso?
What tournament had a score of 5–7, 6–4, 6–4?
After 1989, what was the score of the Grand Prix Passing Shot where the Runners-up were Jeff Tarango?
What's the name of the tournament that Gianni Ocleppo was the runner-up?
What is the lowest percentage of wins for 6½ games and more than 77 total wins?
What is the score of the competition on November 10?
Who is the visitor when the record is 2-1?
Who is the home team when the score is 81-80?
How many Gold medals did Japan receive who had a Total of more than 1 medals?
What time (cst) has and NFL recap of recap with october 19, 2008 as the date?
Which week has giants stadium as the game site?
What is the lowest week that has 7:15 p.m. as the time (cst) and fedexfield as the game site?
What office was law preservation ticket holder William E. Barron running for?
Who was the constitutional ticken when Charles B. Sears was the republican ticket?
Who was the constitutional ticket when william karlin was the socialist ticket?
What was the margin of victory on Mar 18, 1979?
What is the comp for the year 1989?
What is the team in 1989?
What is the RAtt in the year 1988?
What was the team with a Ratt of 42?
What was the team with a ratt of 57?
Who did the Giants play before week 7 in Tulane Stadium?
What was the lowest attendance for week 1?
What is the highest rank of a player from Ethiopia?
How many ranks had 367 matches and more than 216 goals?
What is the mean rank number when goals are 230 and there are more than 535?
Where the audience share is 8%, what is the original airing?
What episode number has an audience share of 10%?
What is the value for the item "Class" when the value of the item "Wheels" is 137?
What's the smallest number of games for the fenerbahçe team?
What's the mean game number for the olympiacos team when there's less than 17 rebounds?
How many games does novica veličković have when there's more than 24 rebounds?
What is the League with a Year that is 1990/91?
What is the ICAO for simferopol international airport?
Which country has an IATA of gzt?
What country is Yerevan located in?
What is the ICAO when the IATA is ika?
What is the ICAO when the IATA is ist?
Which team has 10 losses?
In which yearly change was there a capacity of 78.4% and a rank smaller than 3?
In Which rank was there a location of porto alegre?
what is the number of passengers when the capacity is 81.2%?
what is the highest amount of passengers when there is a rank of 1?
What was the latest Week on which the Result was l 17–0?
What is the average cuts made at the top 25, less than 10, and at the Top 10 more than 3?
What is average Top 10 with 0 wins?
What is the average event for the Open Championship Tournament, and a Top-5 less than 1?
What is the average wins has Top-25 less than 0?
What is the largest Against with a Byes larger than 0?
Which Wins has an Against of 1940, and a Byes larger than 0?
Which Draws has a Wins of 10, and a Peel of south mandurah, and a Byes larger than 0?
Which Against has a Draws larger than 0, a Losses smaller than 16, and a Wins smaller than 4?
Which Losses has an Against of 1101, and a Byes smaller than 0?
Which Byes has a Losses smaller than 1?
What is the average number of games of the player with a rank less than 1?
What is the highest rank of the player with less than 32 points?
What is the rank of the player with less than 34 points?
Who's Fourth District has a Second District of bob springstead?
Who's the First District with a Fifth District of prudy adam?
Who's the Fourth District with a First District of beverly bodem?
Who's the Fourth District with a Second District of kurt van koevering?
Who's the Fifth District with a Second District of paul leidig?
Who's the Fourth District with a Third District of sharon yentsch?
How many Sets did Gary Muller have?
What Player in 2005 Wimbledon had less than 5 Sets?
At the 2001 Davis Cup, what Opponent had less than 50 Aces?
What time did Channel 4 air an episode number larger than 106 with the title of Marry Me A Little?
What is the total number of sunk by U-boats with less than 2 German submarines lost, 56328 sunk by aircrafts, and more than 8269 sunk by mines?
What is the total number sunk by warship or raider with 20 German submarines lost and more than 21616 sunk by aircraft?
What is the total number of German submarines lost with more than 120958 sunk by mines?
What is the month and year less than 5 German submarines were lost, less than 6893 were sunk by warship or raider, less than 133746 were sunk by aircraft, and more than 111263 were sunk by U-boat?
What is the month and year less than 106005 were sunk by aircraft and 61857 were sunk by warship or raider?
What is the post-1986 provinces with a 全羅道 Hanja?
What is the Korean dialect in the daegu capital?
What is the Korean dialect with a jeolla RR Romaja?
What is the Hanja for the hamgyeong RR Romaja?
What is the mean huc example code when the example name's lower snake, there are 6 digits, and less than 3 levels?
What's the approximate number of HUs when there are more than 2 digits, and 6 levels?
How many HUC example codes have 1 level?
What is the mean level number when the example name is lower snake and the approximate number is hus is less than 370?
What is the losses average when the against is greater than 1255 and wins is 0 and the draws less than 0?
What is the smallest losses when the wins are 5 and the against less than 1852?
What is the fewest losses that Ballarat FL of Lake Wendouree has when the wins are smaller than 9?
What is the smallest byes when the wins are 3?
What is the highest Attendance when the away team was Wrexham?
What is the Away team when the home team was wycombe wanderers?
What is the lowest Attendance when the home team was slough town?
What is the sum of Attendance when macclesfield town was the way team?
How many Spins sources have a CCM Chart of CHR with a peak position less than 1?
What CCM Chart had 18 total weeks?
What is Opponent, when Date is December 18, 1988?
What is Attendance, when Opponent is Pittsburgh Steelers?
What is the average Week, when Result is l 37–34?
When was Shannon Long the Centerfold model?
Who was the Centerfold model on 5-88?
Who was the Centerfild model that used Bruce Willis as her Interview subject?
What is Series, when Launch Date is 23 February 2013?
What is Series, when Days is greater than 99, and when Prize is €50,000?
What is Series, when Winner is Jetmir Salaj?
What is Highest Days, when Launch Date is 23 January 2010?
What is the lowest Rank, when Name is Jeremiah Massey, and when Games is less than 20?
What is the lowest Games, when Name is Jeremiah Massey, and when Points is less than 340?
What is the lowest Points, when Games is greater than 20, and when Team is Partizan Belgrade?
What is Games, when Points is less than 340, and when Rank is greater than 3?
What is the sum of Rank, when Name is Will Solomon, and when Games is greater than 21?
What was the first leg score in the match against Twente?
What was the first leg score in the 2nd round?
What were the Bills points on Nov. 11?
What was the Bills first downs on Oct. 29 with more the 23 Bills points?
What was the Bill's attendance on December 6?
On what date did the Bills play the Houston Oilers before week 12?
Which team won on the day when attendance was 42,308?
What week of the season was December 13?
What is the highest Points in Position 2 with more than 3 Drawn games?
What is the goal Difference at Position 5?
What is the average games Played with positions higher than 3 that have goals Against less than 27 and a Lost games smaller than 6?
What is the highest Points with a Lost total of 8?
Which average Points has a Lost higher than 20?
What are the Cuts made with a Top-10 smaller than 2?
What is the Top-25 with a Top-10 of 8, and an Events of 45?
What is the Top-25 with an Events of 20, and a Wins larger than 2?
Which Top-10 has a Top-25 smaller than 18, and a Top-5 of 6, and a Cuts made smaller than 20?
What is Top Par, when Score is less than 68, and when Country is England?
What is Sum of Score, when Player is Vijay Singh?
What is Sum of Score, when Place is T2, and when Player is Justin Leonard?
What is Place, when Score is less than 67, and when Country is South Africa?
Can you tell me the Team that has the Laps of 379?
What is the Tournament with a Margin of victory that was 4 strokes?
What is 1999, when 1998 is 2R?
What is 1998, when 1994 is Grand Slam Tournaments?
What is 2009, when 2000 is 1R, and when 1998 is 3R?
What is 2009, when 2008 is 1R, and when Tournament is French Open?
What is 2009, when 2004 is 2R, and when 1993 is A?
What is the average amount of gold medals for a country with more than 12 total medals?
Who were the Visitor when the Nets were the Home team?
What Leading scorer had a Score of 80–112?
What is the name of the tournament played on Sep 20, 1981, ending with a margin of vicroty of 2 strokes?
For the tournament played on Jul 4, 1982, what was the winning score?
What was the winning score for the Andy Williams-San Diego Open Invitational tournament?
Who was the runner(s)-up for the tournament played on Jun 3, 1973?
What was the winning score for the tournament played on Jul 14, 1973?
In which tournament was Gil Morgan the runner-up?
What was the highest attendance when the Atlanta Falcons played for a week smaller than 10?
What is the Result when the Theme was by Dolly Parton?
What is the Theme when the Original artist was carole king, and a Week # shows hollywood?
What is the Song choice when there is an Order # of 4?
What proto-oceanic has louse as the animal?
What is the total number of delegate that have 4 counties carries and more than 1,903 state delegates?
What is the Home team with an Away team that is oxford united?
What is the Home team with an Away team that is wrexham?
Which Gold has a Silver of 7, and a Bronze smaller than 7?
Which Bronze has a Silver of 15, and a Gold smaller than 20?
Which Bronze has a Silver of 7, and a Total larger than 25?
Which Gold has a Bronze larger than 1, and a Total larger than 80?
Which Total has a Silver larger than 8, and a Bronze of 20, and a Gold smaller than 20?
What is the total of NA for set 4, a score of 3-0 and a 26-24 for set 2?
What is the total of the 3-0 score with a set 2 of 25-12 and a set 3 of 25-18?
What is the set 5 of the match with a set 2 of 26-24 and a set 1 of 27-25?
Who has a total number of 76 silver medals?
What score has ipswich town as the home team, and replay as the tie no.?
What score has grays athletic as the home team?
What date has 6 as the tie no.?
What is Fastest Lap, when Winning Team is Team BRM, when Race is 1, when Pole Position is Leanne Tander, and when Circuit is Phillip Island?
What is Fastest Lap, when Round is 5, and when Winning Driver is James Winslow?
What is Date, when Fastest Lap is James Winslow, when Race is 1, and when Winning Driver is Leanne Tander?
What is Pole Position, when Circuit is Adelaide Street Circuit, and when Winning Team is Piccola Scuderia Corse?
What country was the game played in when the location was trestles?
What date was the game played when it was located at bells beach?
What country was the game played when it was played from April 11-April 21?
Who was the Runner-up when the game was played at Bells Beach?
Which Accolade had a publication of Under the Radar?
Which year had a publication of Pazz & Jop?
How many districts featured the democrat nicholas von stein?
Which incumbent's democratic candidate was mike carroll?
Who ran under the Democratic ticket when Edward R. Dudley ran under the Liberal ticket?
When John Emanuel ran under the Socialist Labor ticket who ran under the Democratic ticket?
What was the office up for election when Sylvia Weinstein ran under the Socialist Workers ticket?
Who ran under the Socialist Labor ticket when Robert M. Morgenthau ran for the Democratic ticket?
When Republican ticket was John P. Lomenzo who ran for the Socialist Workers ticket?
What is the area km2 of the area with a pop density people/km2 larger than 91, is a member state of Italy, and had less than 58.8 population in millions?
What is the area % of EU with 16.4 population in millions?
What is the total number of area km2 with a 4.2 population in millions and is a member state of the Czech Republic?
What is the sum of the pop density people/km2 with a population % of EU of 0.1%, an area % of EU of 0.1%, and has more than 0.5 population in millions?
What is the lowest area km2 of the member state of the Czech Republic and has a population in millions lesss than 10.3?
Weighing less than 85, with less than 340 Spikes, what is Gilberto Godoy Filho's Height
What is the Attendance for Opponent Boston Patriots and Week is greater than 14?
Which Nominated work has a Year of 1997?
Which Award has a Category of music video acting award?
When the league is 84 (4) what is the Canadian Championship?
What Canadian Championship has 84 (4) as the league?
What Canadian Championship has Ashtone Morgan Category:Articles with hcards as the name?
What is the total when the name is Carl Robinson Category:Articles with hcards?
What is Name, when Games are less than 38, when Rank is less than 4, and when Points are 357?
What is Team, when Rank is greater than 2, and when Points are greater than 259?
What are the Highest Games, when Team is Ciudad De La Laguna, and when Points are greater than 357?
What is Points, when Name is Ondrej Starosta?
What is the lowest value for Points, when Games is greater than 34, and when Name is Andrew Panko?
What is the highest value for Points, when Games is 21, and when Rank is greater than 2?
What is the average rank of the record on 2007-06-21 with a mark less than 91.29?
What is the lowest mark of the rank 8 record?
What is the place of the record on 1996-05-25 with a mark greater than 90.73?
What is the place of the rank 6 record, which has a mark greater than 91.29?
What competition has a venue in Hampden Park, Glasgow?
What was the score in Hampden Park, Glasgow?
Which Venue has a Notes of 2:28:31?
Which Venue has a Competition of venice marathon?
Which Year that has Notes of dnf?
Which Competition has a Year larger than 2000?
What date has a set 4 of 25-19?
What is the total for the set 2 of 25-18?
What is the total for set 2 of 25-19?
What is set 3 when set 5 is na, set 1 is 21-25, and set 2 is 25-16?
What is the set 1 for the date jun 26, and a set 2 of 25-16?
What is the total for set 2 17-25?
What Opponent has a Score that is 1-6, 3-6?
What writer has mort drucker as the artist, an issue greater than 470, and law & order: svu as an actual title?
What date has ed as an actual title?
What isssue has 7th heaven as an actual title?
What issue has mort drucker as the artist and february 2001 as the date?
In what Week was the Attendance 39,434?
What year was the match were xavier malisse was the runner-up against lleyton hewitt?
What year was the match against filippo volandri where xavier malisse was runner-up?
How many against have a difference of 6, with a played greater than 19?
What is the lowest drawn that has a played greater than 19, with a position less than 2?
What is the average against that has a drawn less than 7, points greater than 22, and 19 for the played?
When has a TV Time of fox 12:00 pm cdt?
When has a Week of 8?
Which Week has a Result of l 13-16 and an Opponent of at buffalo bills?
What kind of TV Time that has a Result of w 24–10?
What is the name of the conference that K. C. Jones was a head coach in?
Who had the highest assists of the game on March 5?
What is the least amount of appearances by new zealand when they scored 4 goals?
how many appearances did batram suri category:articles with hcards have scoring less than 2 goals?
What province has a v valparaíso region and an area of 927.2?
What is the average area with valparaíso as the capital?
WHich Category in White has a Amerindian of 4,87%?
WHich Category in White has a Black of 38,05%?
Which Category in Brown has a Frequency of 0.08%?
Which Category in Black has a Brown of 6,54%?
What is the Capacity in use with an Annual change that is 21.8%?
How many Tries has Points for smaller than 137, and Tries against larger than 12?
WHich Team that has Points against of 43?
WHich Tries has a Team of pau and Points against larger than 103?
How many Points against has Tries for smaller than 14, and a Team of llanelli?
How many Tries against has a Try diff of –17 and Points for smaller than 80?
Which player was the forward?
Which years in Orlando are featured with the center position?
Which position was in Orlando in 2000?
What is the Name with Goals that are 135?
Which American Labor candidate ran against Democratic candidate Robert F. Wagner?
Which Socialist candidate ran against American Labor candidate Caroline O'Day?
Which Democrtic candidate ran against the Socialist candidate Edna Mitchell Blue?
Which American Labor candidate is running against the Socialist candidate Herman J. Hahn?
Which Republican ran against the American Labor candidate Matthew J. Merritt?
Which American Labor candidate ran against Republican Thomas E. Dewey?
Who is the Opponent in the final after 1983 with an Outcome of runner-up?
What Opponent in the final had a match with a Score in the final of 7–5, 6–2?
What is the Championship with Vitas Gerulaitis as Opponent in the final in a match on Clay Surface?
What is the smallest percentage of marine area for Pacific Marine ecozone and percentage of total area greater than 3.1?
How many values for percentage of marine area are for the Atlantic marine ecozone with an exclusive economic zone area less than 996,439?
What is the team when alvin williams (6) has the high assists?
What is the Record for a game less than 3 and the score was l 91–96 (ot)?
What is the Date when the high points went to Dell Curry (17)?
What is the Team when antonio davis (8) had the high rebounds?
What is the Tournament with a Date that is apr 16, 1967?
What is the Date with a Runner(s)-up that is jerry steelsmith?
What kind of Obama that has a Source of rasmussen reports?
Which Source has a Undecided of 2%?
What kind of Obama has a Undecided of 1%?
When has a Source of surveyusa and a Obama of 54%?
When has a Source of rasmussen reports?
Which Source has a Clinton of 39% and a Undecided of 7%?
What is the Date of Birth with a Block that is larger than 342?
What is the number of positions that have 2012 ratings of 0.92?
What is the owner of the channel that has a 2012 rating of 5.42?
What is the 2007 rating of the channel with a position of 6?
What is the channel with a 2011 rating of 8.5?
What is ASTC Member, when State is Arkansas, when AAM Member is No, and when AAM Accredited is Yes?
What is City, when State is Florida, when AAM Member is No, and when AAM Accredited is No?
What is City, when ASTC Member is No, when State is California, and when AAM Member is Yes?
What is State, when AAM Accredited is No, when ASTC Member is No, and when City is Tulsa?
What is City, when State is California, when AAM Accredited is No, when ASTC Member is Yes, and when AAM Member is No?
What is AAM Member, when AAM Accredited is No, when State is California, when ASTC Member is Yes, and when City is Sacramento?
Who were the runners-up when the individual winner was Tiger Woods?
How many years was the individual winner from the United States was Tiger Woods?
What is the earliest year that the tournament was played in Cape Town, South Africa?
Who is the Driver, when the Date is October 6?
What is the total number of Seasons, when the Engine is Cosworth, and when the Team is Kraco Racing?
Who is the Driver, when the Engine is Chevrolet, and when the Date is October 3?
What is the sum of Seasons, when the Team is Penske Racing, and when the Date is October 3?
What was the Year to Open for the Dandeung Bridge?
What is the Main span of the Qincaobei Bridge
What is the Main span of the bridge from China with a Year to open of 2013 and Main span feet of 2,585?
Which republican ticket has stanley h. fuld as the Democratic ticket?
What is the liberal ticket that has judith white as the socialist workers?
What socialist workers ticket has malcolm wilson as the Republican ticket?
Which office has kieran o'doherty as the conservative ticket?
What office has (none) as the socialist labor ticket, and stanley h. fuld as the liberal ticket?
If the call sign is w291ch what's the ERP W corresponding to that sign?
For the call sign w242at what's the city the license plate is registered to?
What's the Class for the city the license plate was issued in great barrington, massachusetts?
How many gold have a bronze of 1, a rank smaller than 6, and a total less than 3?
How many France bronze have a gold of more than 1 and a rank of 0?
How many gold have a silver of 1 and a bronze of 0?
What is the Aircraft when Kabul was the location, unknown fatalities, and the tail number was ya-ban?
What is the Fatalities when the tail number was unknown and in Kabul>
What is the location for the an-12b aircraft?
What location had 25/25 fatalities?
What tail number was on the an-26, with 25/25 fatalities?
What type of aircraft was the plane with a tail number of ya-bao?
What is the total number of Points from a Match that is larger than 18?
In what Season was the Series Formula Renault 3.5 series with less than 7 Races?
What was the Series in 2009?
How many Wins in the Year with more than 16 Races?
In what Season were then less than 3 Races with less than 1 Win?
Which 1st leg has a Team #1 of ummc ekaterinburg?
Which Team #2 has a Team #1 of gambrinus sika brno?
What is the Goal number in Råsunda, Stockholm with a Result of 2–2?
What is the Result of Goal number 3?
On what day was a game played at Reese Smith Field, with a score of 4-3?
What was the score for the game played on May 10 at Alex Box Stadium?
What was the score for the game played at Sarge Frye Field?
On what date was a game played, which left the team with a record of 5-7?
What was the score of the game played at Harmon Stadium on February 24?
Where was the game on May 9 played?
What is the greatest position when the points are less than 21, and the played greater than 14?
What is the fewest lost with a difference of 9 and a less than 3 drawn?
Team Estudantes Paulista with a position less than 4 has what average against?
What was the margin of victory on Apr 8, 1979?
What was the winning score when the margin of victory was 2 strokes and the runner-up was Pat Bradley?
What was the margin of victory when the winning score was −5 (69-69-73=211)?
Which tournament had a winning score of −5 (69-69-73=211)?
When was the winning score −6 (69-69-73-71=282)?
Who is the opponent of the game played on November 20, 1995?
What is the highest Grid with a Name that is jamie whincup?
What is the Team with a Lap that is 5?
What's the lowest round Justin Forsett was drafted in, with a draft pick larger than 233?
What's the average round the position of RB was drafted?
What's the average round Red Bryant was drafted with a pick larger than 121?
Can you tell me the Overall Record that has the Away Team of miami?
Can you tell me the Overall Record that has the Week of 3?
Can you tell me the Divisional Record that has the Away Team of dallas?
Can you tell me the Overall Record that has the Week smaller than 16, and the Divisional Record of (1-0), and the Away Team of miami?
Can you tell me the Week that has the Home Team of detroit, and the Divisional Record of (3-0), and the Overall Record of (5-1), and the Away Team of minnesota?
Who is the choreographer with the style pas de deux?
What is the title of the person who started their reign in 1999?
What is the date of birth of the person who started their reign in 1986?
What is the average number for goals less than 73?
What is the total average for 1990-1995, and goals less than 90?
What was the lowest Position for a Team with fewer than 3 Lost, a Difference of 1, and more than 7 games Played?
What is the sum of games Played by the Team Vasco Da Gama, with fewer than 12 Against?
What was the Difference of the Team that had a Position less than 2?
Which attendance number was taken on november 21, 2004?
Which attendance number was taken in a week less than 16 when the Washington Redskins were the opponents?
How many weeks had the Green Bay packers as opponents?
What Country had a Score of 71-67=138?
What Country had a Score of 75-68=143?
How many total innings have an average under 6.33, strike rate under 71.43, balls faced over 36, and smaller than 19 runs scored?
What is the number of averages having a balls faced over 297 and more than 7 innings?
What is the smallest number of innings with a strike rate of 72.05 and under 297 balls faced?
What is the sum of balls faced associated with a strike rate over 48.28, 3 innings, and an average under 5?
What is the Nation with a Date that is may 6, 1991?
What is the Record with a Date that is may 20, 1961?
Who was the partner of the winner?
How many Places (Posición) has a Draw (PE) larger than 2 and a Team (Equipo) of paraíso and a Won (PG) larger than 6?
How many league cups have yeovil town as the club, with a league less than 16?
What is the average FA Cup that has gary jones as the player, and an FA trophy greater than 5?
What FA trophys have tony hemmings as the player, with a league greater than 15?
What is the score where the country is Japan?
Which province has muju as the capital?
What is the modern equivalent of 良州 in Hanja?
What is the capital of the province with 양주 in Hangul?
What is the capital of the province with 漢州 in Hanja?
What is the Hanja for the sakju province?
What is the fewest number of top-25s for events with more than 0 wins?
What is the highest number of top-10s in events with more than 0 wins?
What is the number of top-25s in events under 13, cuts made under 3, and 1 top-10?
Which season had an average under 28, a rank under 10, and a partner of Janja Lesar?
What is the highest season that had rank under 1?
Who was the professional partner in season 4?
Who had the highest rebounds against detroit?
How much gold received by nation of uzbekistan (uzb)?
Which team has the lowest gold and 0 silver?
How much gold when silver, bronze and total is smaller than 1?
What is the ICAO with commenced operations before 1989?
What is the lowest commenced operations that has a nouvelair callsign?
What callsign has commenced operations in 2011?
What language is used when the service is sky primafila 10 and the package/option is qualsiasi?
What is the content when the package/option is qualsiasi and sky primafila 14 is the television service?
What is the HDTV that has television service of tv 8 mont blanc and content is general television?
Which city's IATA is nkg?
Which airport is in Xinjiang province in the city Kuqa?
Which province's IATA is kix?
Which airport's IATA is pen?
Which Event has a Record of 4:02.54?
Whcih Date has an Event of 3000 m?
Which Record has a Date of 23 february 1986?
Which Date has a Record of 8:39.49?
Which Record has a Date of 3 march 2013?
Which Nation has a Record of 15.16 m?
What is the Nationality of the Player with more than 8 Goals and Apps of 52?
How many Apps did Player Gilberto with more than 1 Goals have?
On what date was the 4th round, with home team Itabuna, played?
In the 6th round match with home team Bahia, who was the away team?
For the 5th round match with away team of Bahia, what was the final score?
Which League has a Regular Season of 2nd, southeast?
Who Playoffs has a Regular Season of on hiatus.?
What is the population of Kragerø?
What is the highest population of a city that has a town status of 2010?
What is the highest population within the municipality of Porsgrunn?
What is the birthplace of the player who is 190 CM tall, plays the D position, and wears number 11?
What's the total points that Scuderia Ferrari with a Ferrari V12 engine have before 1971?
What's the least amount of points that Walter Wolf Racing had after 1974?
What is the sum of Year(s), when Postion is 6th, and when Competition is Commonwealth Games?
What is the highest Year, when the Venue is Beijing, PR China?
What is the average Year, when Competition is Oceania Youth Championships?
What is Event, when Position is 4th?
What is the Date with a Format that is cd?
What is the Catalog with a Date that is march 13, 2002?
What is the Label with a Catalog that is mhcl-20017?
What is the Catalog with a Date that is february 20, 2002?
What is the lightest Weight (kg), when the Jersey # is greater than 22, when the Position is F, and when the Birthdate is March 19, 1980?
What is the Position, when the Birthplace is Buffalo, New York?
What is the Birthplace, when the Jersey # is less than 18, when the Height (cm) is higher than 185, and when the Birthdate is March 3, 1980?
What was the final score for the game with 65,309 people in attendance?
What average week number had the Chicago bears as the opponent?
What is the record for the game against New England Patriots at the Rich Stadium?
What did the Dallara chassis with a 5 start in 2006 finish?
What is the chassis of the Honda Engine from 2008?
What is the earliest year of the Honda Engine with a finish of 4?
What was 2002, when 2008 was, "career statistics"?
What was 2009, when 2001 was, "not masters series"?
What was 2011, when 2005 was 2R, and when 2003 was 2R?
What was 2009, when 2012 was A, when 2003 was A, and then the Tournament was the Madrid Masters?
What was 2002, when 2011 was, "atp masters series"?
What was the lowest wins of Larry Nelson, who ranked less than 5?
What is the sum of the earnings for rank 3?
What is the country is ranked more than 4?
What the total of Week with attendance of 53,147
What is the lowest week for December 26, 1999
What season has 6 races and the team is Australia?
What is the total number of Races when there were more than 8 wins?
Who's the Socialist ticket with a Republican ticket of john a. may?
Who's the Republican ticket with a Democratic ticket of m. william bray?
Who's the Socialist ticket with a Democratic ticket of herbert h. lehman?
Who's the Republican ticket with a Socialist ticket of frank r. crosswaith?
Who's the Republican ticket with a Socialist ticket of edna mitchell blue?
what's the earliest year that serena williams had more than 2 sets?
what's the earliest year that the wimbledon opponent was zheng jie?
what year was the opponent caroline garcia?
what's the most recent year that samantha stosur was the opponent with 20 aces and having played more than 2 sets?
what year was the memphis event?
What season did the player who had the number 26 play on who came from far eastern?
What season did the player who came from Cebu play in?
What was the country in the year 2012?
In what year was Letecke Zavody N.P., Jinonice the manufacturer?
What country had the car with the Jawa 350cc engine?
In what country was the car with the čz 171cc engine?
What is the name of the car that was made in the years 1956-1958?
What is the name of the car manufactured by Letecke Zavody N.P., Jinonice?
Who manufactured the car with the jawa 249cc engine that was made in the years 1956-1963?
What is the Set 2 with a Date that is jun 29?
What is the Set 1 with a Set 2 that is 25-19?
What is the Set 5 with a Date that is jun 29?
When was construction completed that was listed on 09/21/1984 and a Deleted of 11/04/1999?
What is the partially deleted result for a completed construction of m– in St. Maries Creosote?
What is the partially deleted result for Bunker Hill Mining & Metallurgical?
What is the partially deleted result for a deleted of m– in Valley?
How many matches ended with more than 22 points?
What is the value in 1965 when 7 is the value for 1967?
What is the value in 1971 when 30 is the value for 1969?
What was the value in 1966 with a 0 value in 1969?
Who was the player moving to Arminia Bielefeld?
What tournament had a Winning score of –9 (69-72-68-70=279)?
What was the winning score of the Greater Vancouver Open tournament?
Which runner(s)-up had a Winning score of –13 (68-70-66-71=275) and a Margin of victory of 3 strokes?
What was the Margin of victory in the southwest golf classic Tournament?
When the Winning score was –9 (69-72-68-70=279), what was the Margin of victory?
What height has a floor count less than 25?
What state/territory has 121 m as the height?
What state/territory has lovett tower as the building?
What was the date of the game against Oakland Raiders?
What year has 2 wins?
What is the success rate for the year 2012?
What was the win for 4 matches with a success rate of 25%?
what was the win for the 6 matches?
What is the losses for the 5 matches?
What is the losses for the year 2012?
What is the average Total with a Gold that is larger than 4?
What is the average Total with a Bronze that is larger than 1?
Who were the Brazil scorers for the World Cup Competition with a 1-2 score?
Which competition had a 4-3 score?
What is the highest Top-5 that has 18 or more events with a Top-25 of 23?
What is the lowest cuts made that had a Top-25 less than 6 and wins greater than 0?
What race did Glenn Seton win on the Sandown International Raceway circuit?
What date was the race at Oran Park ran?
What is the largest number of assists for the second rank when there were less than 2 games?
What is the smallest rank when there are more than 2 games?
What is the mean number of games for pablo prigioni when there are more than 14 assists?
What region has 57 vehicles?
What was the Score after 1991 in Category IVA?
What was the Score in 2002?
What was the Category before 1995?
What was the Category after 1991 with a Score of 7-5, 6-7, 6-2?
What was the issue date for the song by Paul Mccartney and Michael Jackson?
What is the smallest number of seats with INC as an election winner and BJP incumbent?
Who was the election winner with a BJP incumbent in Chhattisgarh?
Which country has an IATA of EVN?
What is the name of the airport located in Russia with an IATA of AER?
What is the name of the airport located in Russia with an IATA of KRR?
What is the name of the airport with an ICAO of ULLI?
What is the ICAO for the destination in Armenia?
What is the name of the airport with an IATA of KUF?
What is the status of Author Del Corro?
What is the location of the authors of Molnar?
What is the status of Prenocephale?
What is the novel that has a valid status, located in Mongolia, and named Prenocephale?
What is the novelty of Tylocephale?
Which team 1 has vfl gummersbach as team 2?
Which team 1 has cbm valladolid as team 2?
What 2nd leg has rk gold club kozina as team 1?
What 1st leg has 52-70 as the agg.?
What was the surface for October 10, 2004?
What was the surface for the opponent Roger Federer?
How many years was the 400 m event in the olympic games?
How many were in attendance of the game with l 26-21 result?
Who is the opponent for the game with 37,845 people in attendance?
How many silver medals were there with 2 gold medals and more than 2 bronze medals?
What is the smallest total number of medals for rank 11 and more than 0 silver medals?
What is the sum of all total medals with more than 2 bronze medals and more than 1 gold medal for the United States?
What is the largest number of gold medals for Canada with more than 7 bronze medals?
What is the sum of all silver medals with less than 23 medals in total and more than 3 bronze medals for the United States?
When was Steve Williams in Zurich and his result was 10.07?
What is the largest number lost with 0 draws and less than 12 points for Gwardia Katowice?
What is the highest number of draws with 6 losses and less than 15 points?
How many draws correspond to more than 11 losses in a match less than 14?
What is the Director of Children of Sarajevo?
What is the Result of the 2010 (83rd) Ceremony?
What is the Result of the 2013 (86th) Ceremony?
What is the Original title of Children of Sarajevo?
In the 2012 (85th) Ceremony, what was the Original title of the film not nominated?
What is the lowest draw number for the song ranked 6th with more than 43 points?
What is the total sum of points for songs performed by Partners in Crime?
What is the class of facility ID 150935?
Which city has a facility ID greater than 150833?
What position does the player from the Toronto Argonauts play?
What was the 1st leg for Team 2 Concepto Egile?
Which team 1 has team 2, Gomera?
What public team was founded prior to 1883?
Who has exactly 342 spikes?
What is the smallest number of spikes for players with a weight of 83 and height over 190?
What is Class, when Power is 78 Watts?
What is Power, when Identifier is CBEB-FM?
What is Identifier, when City of License is Terrace Bay?
What is Power, when City of License is Sioux Lookout?
What is Identifier, when City of License is Hornepayne?
What is City of License, when Frequency is 101.1?
Which LE-5 Model has an LE-5A of 130?
What Series had 14 races and 12th position?
What season was the Formula BMW USA in?
What series had more than 10 Podiums?
What is the Status with an Author that is colbert?
What college was the draft pick number larger than 18 that went to the Barangay ginebra kings?
What is the sum of the pick numbers for the player that went to San Miguel Beermen who played at San Sebastian?
What is the total number of picks for PBA team san miguel beermen who picked rommel daep?
Who won after 1999 with changwon lg sakers as runners-up?
What is the result for the champions jeonju kcc egis with runners-up seoul samsung thunders after 2007?
What was the winning team in 2013?
What is the highest year that Europe won, when the USA's Captain was Kathy Whitworth?
When the USA's captain was Beth Daniel, who was the winning team?
What is the Season when league shows bundesliga, and a European competition of played korac cup?
What is the average Tier when the postseason shows -, and the season is 2012–13?
What is the European competition when the tier is more than 2?
What was the outcome of the match played on grass?
What was the outcome of the match on February 17, 2003?
How many average wins have USA as the team?
What are the average wins that have great britain as the team?
What's the average draft pick number from Carson-Newman College before Round 7?
Which college has a pick number of 155?
What score in the final has november 3, 2002 as the date?
What surface has natalia gussoni as the partner?
What outcome has September 23, 2013 as the date?
What score in the final has hard as the surface, and june 13, 2011 as the date?
What date has elke clijsters as the partner?
What is the Round with a Prize of money that is £120,000?
What is the Match with a Prize of money that is £1,000,000?
When alvin and the chipmunks meet frankenstein, what was the role?
What's the earliest year with a role of alvin seville simon seville david 'dave' seville, and a Title of alvin and the chipmunks meet the wolfman?
What's the average year for the Role of alvin seville simon seville david 'dave' seville, and a Title of the chipmunk adventure?
What was the role in the chipmunk adventure?
What role was played in 2007?
What is the total number of points for the KV Racing Technology team when they use a chevrolet engine?
Which engine has a chassis of dallara, is ranked 6th, and has 384 points?
Which engine is used when there is a 3rd place rank and 513 points?
What is the chassis when the rank is 3rd?
What are the years that Andretti Autosport is a team?
Which team is ranked 3rd in 2008?
Which Oilers points have a Record of 10–6, and Oilers first downs larger than 14?
Which Oilers points have an Opponent of san francisco 49ers, and Opponents larger than 19?
Which Game has an Opponent of at kansas city chiefs, and an Attendance smaller than 40,213?
What is the name of the country that has 18 May 2004 as the date?
What catalog has Australia as the country?
In what format was the release that was dated 7 April 2003 from catalog 584 2112?
What date was the release when the format was lp?
What date is the release when the label was Parlophone and the catalog was 582 2912?
What catalog has the United Kingdom as the country?
What is the nationality of the guard for the chool/Club Team in Virginia?
What is the School/Club Team with a nationality of United States for Arron Afflalo?
What is the Years in Orlando for carlos arroyo?
What is the Player for Orlando in 1989–1991?
What is the Position for Orlando for 1989–1999?
Which player was from Western Washington University, played midfield, and was from years after 2009?
Which team was Bubba Vanegdom from?
What was the position of the player from Pacific Lutheran University named Greg Fredlund in years after 2010?
What was the position of Greg Fredlund in years after 2008?
What home team has 8 ties?
What year had Kim Gevaert as the female winner and Xavier de Baerdemaeker as the male talent?
Who is the female talent in 1999?
Who is the male talent in 1991?
Who is the male winner the year after 1998 with Marleen Renders as the female winner?
What is the lowest avg/g that has an effic greater than 34.36, with wesley carroll as the name?
What is the lowest avg/g that has 2-9-0 for the att-cmp-int?
What is the att-cmp-int that has 12 for the gp-gs and 174.3 as the avg/g?
What is the Song with an Issue Date(s) that is 19 june?
What is the minimum Height of the Little Switzerland Tunnel?
What is the Milepost of the Twin Tunnel #1 North?
WHat is the number of Population has a Density of 50.09 and a Rank larger than 30?
What is the Icelandic word for the English word bride?
What is the ENglish word for the Icelandic word hlaupa?
What is the Russian word for the Greek word greek?
What is the English word for the Latin word uxor?
What is the Latin word for the English word bone?
What is the lowest against that has bacchus marsh as a ballarat fl, with wins less than 1?
What is the lowest draws that have losses greater than 0, an against less than 1728, melton as the ballarat fl, and byes less than 2?
How many losses have byes greater than 2?
What position does the winner from Ohio State with 412 points play?
What is the position of the winner with 792 points?
What is the highest Top-10, when Top-25 is 4, and when Top-5 is greater than 1?
What is Wins, when Top-25 is less than 4, and when Top-5 is greater than 0?
What is the total number of Wins, when Top-25 is less than 4, and when Top-10 is less than 1?
Which home team played in the matchup with an away team of Liverpool?
What was the date of tie number 5?
Who was the away team for tie number 9?
What was the score of the replay at Millwall?
Who was the home team for tie number 16?
What is the sum of the golds of the nation with 5 total and less than 0 bronze medals?
What is the sum of the gold medals of the total nation, which has more than 19 silver medals?
What is the average number of silver medals of the nation with 3 bronzes and more than 4 total medals?
Which label's year was 1990?
Which result's genre was jazz when its label was columbia and its title was requiem?
Which year's label was label?
Which title's genre was jazz when it was nominated in 1996?
Which year's genre was jazz under the columbia label when it was nominated for the title Trio jeepy?
Which label's year is 1993?
What company focuses on Engine Overhaul for their principal activity?
When Date has a Game larger than 4 and a Team of san antonio, and a Record of 4-3?
Which Team has a Score of 108-105 (ot)?
Which Game has a Team of at san antonio, and a Record of 3-3?
Which Record has a Score of 105-115?
What's the average amount of ties had when a team wins 6 and it's past the 2004 season?
What was the result of the race that had a group of G1 at Moonee Valley?
What was the result of the race that was a 2000m distance?
Which Opponent has a Date of november 21, 1999?
Which Attendance has a Week smaller than 8, and an Opponent of philadelphia eagles?
Which Attendance has a Result of l 26–16?
What was the highest attendance on week 13?
Which Result has a Round of 6?
When is a Type of tko, and an Opponent of jesse brinkley
Which Result has an Opponent of steve walker?
Which Opponent has a Type of ud and a Round of 10 on 2008-06-11?
Which Opponent has a Type of tko, and a Round of 2 (6) on 2006-09-20?
When has a Type of tko, and a Round of 1 (6)
How many positions have a played greater than 12?
What is the lowest played that has points greater than 11, 1 as the position, and a loss less than 1?
What is the Date that has a Outcome of winner, and çağla büyükakçay was the opponent in the final?
What is the Outcome when çağla büyükakçay was the opponent in the final?
What is the Score when the opponent in the final is alicia pillay on a hard surface?
What is the Opponent in the final when the outcome was runner-up?
What is the Opponent in the final with an outcome of winner on 14-may-2007?
What is the Score for 09-oct-2006?
What was the time of the bout against Dave Menne?
What was the time of the bout that ended in a TKO (strikes)?
What is the number of matches for the player in rank 8?
Which set 3 has a Set 1 of 19-25, and a Set 2 of 19-25?
What is the set 5 if the Date is jun 7, and a Set 4 is 21-25?
What is the Set 5 if Set 2 is 25-20?
Which driver's grid was 24?
What is the mean number of laps when the grid is less than 19 and time/retired is +21.3 secs?
What is the smallest number of laps for Team Green when the grid is 1?
What is the total number of 1876(s), when 1872 is less than 1921, and when 1891 is less than 354?
What is the sum of 1886(s), when 1886 is greater than 1070, and when 1891 is less than 1946?
What is the sum of 1891(s), when 1872 is less than 685, and when 1881 is less than 348?
What is the sum of 1872(s), when 1866 is greater than 856, when 1861 is greater than 1906, and when 1876 is greater than 1990?
What is the Record with a Date that is december 20?
In what round was the first outside linebacker picked?
Which Venue resulted in AUS by 229 runs?
Who was the Away Captain when the Home Captain was Joe Darling at Melbourne Cricket Ground?
Who was the Home Captain and the Result for AUS by 4 wkts?
What was the highest match when the away opponent was Dalian Shide Siwu?
Which Home/Away was on April 27, 2008?
What was the score on March 3, 2008?
What is the Hanja for McCune-Reischauer of chŏn?
What is the Hangul when the Hanja is 西, 徐?
What is the Venue with a Result that is win, and a Score that is 5-0?
What is the Competition with a Result of win with a Score that is 1-0?
How many total Gold medals did the nation ranked #3 receive?
What ship size had a cargo value of $46,000 in 2006?
What ship size had a cargo value of $31,750 in 2006?
What was the cargo value in 2005 with a ship size of all product carriers?
What was the cargo value in 2004 for ship size?
What cargo was contained in a ship size of aframax?
What was the cargo value in 2005 for all product carriers?
What kind of Live births has a Migration of -14 873?
What is the average Goals/Games for Rummenigge, Karl-Heinz, with Goals less than 162?
What is the sum of Games for Allofs, Klaus, with Goals less than 177?
What is the highest Rank for more than 220 goals in 1965–1978-78?
Who is the composer of El Hanone?
Which arranger worked with composer Imad Shams Eldeen at 4:03?
What is the title track that is 3:50 and arranged by Tarek Akef?
Who is the arranger for Ana Rouh?
Who was the writer that worked with arranger Tarek Akef on a 4:58 song?
What is the year of the ceremony with a not nominated result and ničiji sin as the original title?
What is the year of the ceremony with the original title ničiji sin?
What is the result of the ceremony in 2006 (79th)?
What is the film title used for nomination with the original title sedamdeset i dva dana?
Who is the director of Cannibal vegetarian, which is the film title used in nomination?
What is the average First Downs for december 4?
What is the lowest Attendance against the tampa bay buccaneers, with Points Against of less than 7?
What is the highest Points when the record was 12–2, and the Points Against are larger than 6?
Which Partial thromboplastin time has a Prothrombin time of prolonged and a Condition of factor v deficiency?
Which Condition has a Bleeding time of prolonged, a Platelet count of decreased, and Prothrombin time of prolonged?
Which Platelet count has a Partial thromboplastin time of prolonged or unaffected?
Which Prothrombin time that has a Partial thromboplastin time of unaffected, and a Condition of thrombocytopenia?
Which Condition has a Bleeding time of unaffected and a Prothrombin time of prolonged?
Which Partial thromboplastin time has a Prothrombin time of prolonged, and a Bleeding time of unaffected, and a Condition of vitamin k deficiency or warfarin? Question 6
What are the notes where the authors are Zhou & Zhang?
What is the status where the notes are possible jr synonym of sapeornis?
What is the average Top-5 finishes with 2 as the Top-10 and a greater than 4 Top-25?
What are the least Top-5 finish when the events are greater than 18?
What is the total of wins when the evens is less than 3?
How many cuts made when the Top-10 is larger than 1, and the wins greater than 0, and a Top-5 greater than 2, when the events is greater than 18?
What years did Omar Sneed play?
Which season did Jovy Sese play?
How did the School/Club Team of Manuel Luis Quezon acquire their Forward?
Which School/ Club Team acquired Jondan Salvador via trade?
What is the Points with a Played larger than 14?
What is the Points with an Against smaller than 16?
Which Team has a Lost larger than 2, and a Position smaller than 7, and a Drawn smaller than 2, and a Points of 22?
Which Points has a Position of 3, and a Drawn smaller than 2?
Which Played has a Points of 2, and a Position smaller than 8?
How many average plays have points greater than 14, with an against greater than 17?
Which average against has a lost less than 1?
Which of the highest drawn has a played less than 10?
How many played have 3 as the drawn, and a position greater than 4?
Who sang the song composed by Mariah Carey and Walter Afanasieff?
How many years was Louis Armstrong performing?
Who were the Runner(s)-up with the winning score of −16 (66-68-70-68=272)?
What tournament had a winning score of −27 (64-64-61=189)?
What tournament had a runner(s)-up of Scott Hoch & Kenny Perry?
What tournament had a Runner(s)-up of Tom Kite?
What is the date of the Outback Steakhouse Pro-Am Tournament?
Which tournament has a Runner(s)-up of Gary McCord?
What was the location of the game with a score of 2:3?
What was the location of the home game for Slovakia?
What was the tournament where Japan was the home team and Mexico was the away team?
What was the location of the home game for Japan?
Who was the Runner-up in Hossegor?
On what Date was the Tournament in Gold Coast?
Who was the Winner of the French Polynesia Billabong Pro Event?
What shows for 2010 when 2007 is a and 2004 is 2r?
What is the 2005 when the 2008 shows grand slam tournaments?
What shows for 2002 when 2010 shows 69?
What shows for 2010 when 2005 shows 1r?
What is the highest number of draws with more than 15 points, an against of 19, and less than 3 losses?
What stage (winner) has thor hushovd as a general classification, and trent lowe as a rider classification?
What stage (winner) has quick step as the team classification, and trent lowe as the young rider classification?
What is the 2000-2001 Team with a Jersey # that is 19?
What is the average number of ties for years with more than 19 wins?
What is the total number of losses for years with fewer than 9 wins?
What is the total number of Division(s), when Team is Chongqing Lifan, and when Apps is greater than 9?
What is Season, when Country is China, when Team is Dalian Shide, when Apps is greater than 8, and when Goals is 2?
What is the highest Apps, when Goals are greater than 5?
What Season, when Country is China, when Team is Dalian Shide, and when Goals are 0?
What is the total number of Division(s), when Country is China, when Apps is greater than 9, and when Season is 2008?
What is the lowest Division, when Goals are less than 10, when Team is Dalian Shide, when Apps are less than 17, and when Season is 2007?
What is the lowest area when the density is greater than 234.77, the population is less than 965,040, and the rank is 32?
What is the Home with a Time that is 14:00?
What is the Score with an Away that is high park demons?
What is the Score with a Hoe that is etobicoke kangaroos?
What is the Date with a Score that is 46-77?
Which Pavilion depth has a Crown angle of 34.0–34.7°?
Which Brilliance Grade has a Benchmark of practical fine cut?
Which Table diameter has a Crown height of 14.45%?
Which Brilliance Grade has a Crown angle of 41.1°?
Which Pavilion depth has a Brilliance Grade of 100% and a Pavilion angle of n/a?
What is the number of lost with 2 points?
What was the aggregate for the match with a team 2 of Kenya?
What was the aggregate for the match with Sierra Leone as team 1?
What was the 1st leg score for the match with Lesotho as team 1?
What was the 2nd leg score for the match with Lesotho as team 1?
What is the total number of ladies ranked who had less than 3 silvers, less than 2 total medals, and more than 0 bronze medals?
What is the total number of gold medals for the skater with less than 3 bronze medals, more than 0 silver medals and a rank smaller than 11?
What was Matthew Warchus' Award?
What is the Format of the French Frequency with a Call sign of CKRL-FM?
What is the Format of the Frequency owned by Laval University?
What is the Notes of the Frequency with Format of talk radio?
What is the Notes of the Frequency with a Format of soft adult contemporary?
How many chart runs had a debut position of more than 7 when peak position was 11?
Which Spoofed title had Mort Drucker as the artist in issue 88?
Who was the artist for Spoofed title Genteel Ben in an issue later than 74?
Which issue was the Spoofed title Route 67 for which Mort Drucker was the artist?
What is the earliest issue Arnie Kogen wrote for in December 1964?
What are the highest points that have a difference of 8, with a position less than 4?
How many losses have corinthians as the team, with an against greater than 26?
How many points have a difference of 23, with a drawn less than 5?
How many positions have 15 for the points, with a drawn less than 3?
What was the result of the match held when his record was 7-0-0?
What do the notes say for 1989 May 7?
How did he beat Alberto Rodriguez?
What was his record in 1987?
What is the lowest total that has barbados as the nation with a bronze greater than 0?
How many silvers have a gold greater than 2, a bronze less than 35, china as the nation, with a total greater than 26?
What is the largest total that has a gold less than 0?
How many golds have a silver greater than 1, vietnam as the nation, with a bronze less than 3?
Which Wins has a Country of new zealand and a Last title larger than 1968?
What is the total of Last title that has Wins smaller than 71 and a First title larger than 1968 and a Country of fiji?
Which First title has Wins smaller than 8 and in Canada?
How many Winners have Wins of 1 and a Country of fiji and a First title smaller than 2004?
What is the latest opened year of the team in Glasgow, Scotland?
What is the average opened year of Mini Estadi stadium in Barcelona, Spain?
What is the lowest win percentage for teams with more than 23 losses and more than 386 goals for?
What is the total number of losses for teams with less than 5 ties and more than 330 goals for?
What is the Score of the Competition with a Result of 5-0?
What is the Score of the Competition with a 5-0 Result?
What is the Date of the Competition with a Score of 4-0 and 5-0 Result?
What is the title for YI?
What is the state Yi?
What state has the king title?
What was the score when the partner was arnaud clément?
What is the Outcome when the partner was kristof vliegen?
What is the Surface of the match with winner as outcome and a score of 7–5, 7–5?
What is the Outcome when christophe rochus was partner, on 31 july 2005?
What is the Opponents on a clay surface with christophe rochus as partner?
What is the Date when christophe rochus was partner, and the score was 2–6, 7–6 (7–5) , 0–6?
In what City/town was their institution founded in 1860?
What year was Waynesburg University founded in Pennsylvania?
What is Howard Payne University's total enrollment?
What is the To par when fredrik andersson hed was runner-up?
What is the Margin of victory when rhys davies was runner-up?
What is the Winning score when the To par was −21?
What is the Date for the wgc-accenture match play championship?
What is the Margin of victory on 27 feb 2011?
What is the Tournament when the winning score was 65-67-68-67=267?
Which Mission has a Apogee of 705 km?
What kind of Motor has a Apogee of 713 km?
What kind of Mission has a Apogee of 707 km?
Which Apogee has a Mission of maxus 3?
Which Mission is on 2003 apr 1?
What was the ranking for the episode number before 24 that had a rating of 25.7?
What is the rating of the season 10?
What was the rating of the season that had 18.17 million household viewers?
How many totals have 2 for the bronze?
What is the smallest silver that has a bronze less than 0?
What college received Pick 5?
For the United States International University, what was the highest pick number allowed?
what was the date of the game on week 2?
What is the subjunctive present that is associated with a plural preterite of u, a singular preterite of ou, and a singular present of û?
What is the plural present that has a past participle of e and an infinitive stem of e?
What is the infinitive stem that has a subjunctive present of ou?
What is the infinitive stem that is associated with a subjunctive present of a and a plural preterite of uo?
What is the singular present that is associated with a singular preterite of ou and a subjunctive present of ie?
What is the plural preterite that is associated with a subjunctive preterite of ü and has an infinitive stem of e + l/r + cons.?
What is the history behind the vessel Speedrunner IV (SSC4) built after 1997?
What is the most recent year that Queen Nefertiti (pegasus two) was built?
What is the history behind Speedrunner III (SSC3)?
What was the opponent on november 8, 1981?
What is the longest Time (seconds), when the Nation - athlete(s) is Sylke Otto - Germany?
What is the Date, when the Sport is luge - men's doubles, and when the Record is, "start"?
What is the Nation - athlete(s), when the Sport is luge - men's singles, and when the Record is, "track"?
What is the Date, when the Record is, "track", when the Time (seconds) is longer than 43.564, and when the Sport is luge - women's singles?
What is the highest Z (p) when arsenic is the element, and the N (n) is more than 42
What is the highest Z (p) when the N (n) is less than 30, and scandium is the element?
What is the isotopic mass (u) when the nuclide is 89 y?
What is the Element when the Nuclide is 55 mn?
What is Venue, when Date is 23,24,26,27,28,29 Feb, 1 Mar 1912?
What is Date, when Venue is Melbourne Cricket Ground, and when Result is Eng By Inns&225 Runs?
What is Result, when Venue is Sydney Cricket Ground, and when Date is 23,24,26,27,28,29 Feb, 1 Mar 1912?
What is Away Captain, when Date is 30 Dec, 1,2,3 Jan 1911/2?
What is Venue, when Date is 23,24,26,27,28,29 Feb, 1 Mar 1912?
What is Home Captain, when Date is 23,24,26,27,28,29 Feb, 1 Mar 1912?
What is Catalog, when the Region is UK, and when Label is Razor Records?
What is the latest Date, when Label is Captain Oi! Records?
What is Region, when Date is 2004?
What is Catalog, when Format is CD, when Region is US, when Date is before 2004, and when Label is Taang! Records?
What is the largest amount of top division titles featuring the tammeka club?
What is the largest number of top division titles with a 2012 position of 10th?
How many seasons in Meistriliiga when the club was kuressaare also had a first season in top division of more than 2000?
Who attended Columbia law school and was appointed in 2004?
Which Term expiration has an Appointing Governor of george pataki, republican, and an Appointed larger than 2004?
Which law school did judge sheila abdus-salaam attend, who was appointed in 2004?
What is the number of races having top 5s over 2 and average starts of 6.5?
What is the lowest average finish having top 5s of 0?
What Volume:Issue that has Peter Cetera as the artist and was on top for longer than 1 week?
What is the longest weeks on top when the Artist was Bruce Hornsby and the Range?
What is the Score of the game with arsenal win 4-2 on penalties in the attendance field?
What team was the Away team when the Tie no was 3?
What is the Tie no when the away team was Burnley?
What shows for Tie no when Sheffield United was the Away team?
What rank is the team with 1 silver, 3 bronze and a total of less than 8 medals?
Which Balls Faced has a Average of 39.13 and Runs Scored larger than 313?
Which Name has an Average of 48.83?
Which average S.R. has an Average of 39.13 and Balls Faced larger than 318?
How many S.R. that has Runs Scored of 161 and an Average larger than 26.83?
What kind of Average has a S.R. of 70.43 and Runs Scored smaller than 293?
Which S.R. has a Average smaller than 23.63 Runs Scored of 49?
What is the Acquisition that has less than 22, in the 2002 season?
What is the number of the acquisition of import in the 2002 season?
What is the name from the 2002 season, and acquired via free agency?
What is the name of the player acquired via import and larger than 22?
Who was on the prohibition ticket when Abraham J. Cuddeback was on the Greenback ticket?
Which office was Richard M. Griffin vying for on the Greenback ticket?
Who was on the Prohibition ticket when Thomas Armstrong ran on the Greenback ticket?
Who was on the prohibition ticket when the Greenback ticket had Thomas Armstrong?
Who was on the Republican ticket for the office of Inspector of state prisons?
What office did Henry Hagner run for on the prohibition ticket?
What is the home of the team with a 16-8 record?
What is the date of the game that ended with a score of 96-89?
How many people went to the game with Indiana visiting?
What is the date of the Cleveland home game with a 20-8 record?
What is the score of the New Jersey home game?
How many people attended the game with a final score of 75-90?
What is Mike Weir's To par?
From Country is Vijay Singh?
What is the Player in T5 Place?
What is the Place of the Player with a Score of 73-73-65-73=284?
Who was the Home captain that played at the venue Oval?
Who was the Away captain that played on 12,13,14 Jun 1902 which resulted in a draw?
Who is the Away captain that played on 11,12,13 Aug 1902?
What was the result of the game that was played on 29,30–31 May 1902?
What was the result of the game that was played on 3,4,5 Jul 1902?
What is the number of ends lost when there are 15 blank ends, less than 14 stolen ends?
What is the number of blank ends when the stolen ends were 17 and Jennifer Jones was skipped with a more than 83 shot pct?
What is the average Wins, when F/Laps is greater than 1, and when Points is 80?
What is the sum of Races, when Podiums is less than 3, when Wins is 0, when Season is after 2001, and when Points is 32?
What is the average Season, when F/Laps is 1, and when Poles is less than 0?
What is the highest Poles, when Series is Ginetta Championship, and when Season is before 2007?
What is the lowest wk 7 with a wk 3 value of 12, a wk 4 less than 9, and a wk 2 greater than 11?
What is the lowest wk 3 value with an n/r in wk 14, a wk 2 value of 7, and a wk 11 value greater than 18?
What is the Date for the actual title archie bunker's place?
What is the name of the Artist for the Spoofed Title of the moron downer jr. show?
What issue was the Spoofed Title of the crockford files in?
What is the name of the writer for issue 224?
What is the smallest amount of points had a lost number of 2 when the position was less than 1?
What is the mean number of against when the position is less than 1?
What is the mean number of played when there are less than 18 points and the position is less than 8?
What is the sum of lost when against is less than 37, drawn is more than 2, and played is more than 20?
What is the total area of drakenstein and a population less than 251,262?
For Stellenbosch, which has a population larger than 155,733, what is the average area?
What is the lowest population for the area that has a density of 36.7?
How many points against has team Cardiff had when there were less than 7 tries?
What is the amount of fog where the rain is 1 109?
What is the amount of snow where the days for storms are 31?
What is the amount of snow where the sunshine is 1 633, and storms are lower than 29?
What are the number of storms where fog is lower than 74, and sunshine is 2 668?
Who is the away team for the tome team Leeds United, at the League Cup Competition?
What chassis has patrick racing as an entrant, with a start greater than 6?
What is the average finish that has 24 as the start, with a year after 1987?
What is the lowest year that has lola t93/00 as the chassis with a start leas than 14?
What is the lowest finish that has a start greater than 27, with a year after 1985?
What start has a ford cosworth dfx as the engine, a year later than 1981, and kraco enterprises as the entrant?
What is the Date, when the Team Record is 2-0?
What is the Team Record, when the Result is l 0–24?
What is Team Record, when Attendance is 16,151?
What is the highest draw that has points greater than 4, with a match greater than 5?
What is the average draw that has a lost less than 4, gwardia bydgoszcz as the team, with a match greater than 5?
What is the lowest match that has a lost greater than 3, and kolejarz rawicz as the team?
How many matches have 0 as the lost?
What is the sum of Game with a Score that is w 104–90 (ot)?
What is the High rebounds of a Game with 56?
What was the option from Italy with general television content, and the Cielo television service?
What country has Tematico Content, and a package with sky TV and the Lei television service?
What is the television service that has package with sky tv, and it in Italian English?
What language is the Tematico content with a sky tv package, and Fox Crime television service?
What country has a television service with Cartello Promozionale sky hd?
What country has a Fox television service?
Who drove for Mathiasen Motorsports with dane cameron as pole position?
What winning team did Jonathan bomarito drive for when jonathan summerton had the fastest lap?
When Douglas Soares had the fastest lap, what was the report?
When the winning team of mathiasen motorsports has a pole position of jonathan bomarito, who has the fastest lap?
When the driver jonathan summerton won and dane cameron had the fastest lap, what was the report?
Which Year has a Competition of olympic games, and a Venue of atlanta, united states?
Which Competition has a Year of 1993?
Which Notes has a Competition of venice marathon?
Which Year has a Venue of atlanta, united states?
Which Notes has a Venue of barcelona, spain?
Which Event has a Year of 1986?
What is the average share for episodes with over 7.82 viewers, ranks of 3 and a weekly rank of 54?
What is the weekly rank for the episode with a share over 7 and a rating/share of 2.3/7?
What is the weekly rank of the episode with more than 7.14mil viewers, a nightly rank of 5, and a rating/share of 2.9/10?
What is the total gain for Brandon Mcrae with a loss less than 4, and an Avg/g less than -0.1?
What is the lowest long with a Gp-GS of 11-8, and a gain less than 228?
What is the lowest gain with an 18 long, and a loss less than 191?
What is the sum of 1938 values where 1933 values are under 68.3 and 1940 valures are under 4.02?
What is the average 1940 value where 1929 values are 101.4 and 1933 values are over 68.3?
What is the highest 1937 value that has a 1940 value over 126?
At what time is the ბრაზილიის უბანი shown?
What country was the series finale present and was shown Monday to Sunday at 18:45-21:00?
What series finale has the translation ოჰ ეს ცრემლები / პარალელური საიდუმლო?
What days of the week is the show aired on that runs at 16:45?
Which days of the week does the telenovela play that is aired at 11:00?
Which Tournament was on 2 October 2006?
Who is the Opponent in the final on 4 April 2011?
What Surface was used on 2 June 2003?
Which award show nominated The Suite Life on Deck for the Teen Pick Show: Comedy category?
Which award show nominated Cole Sprouse for the Favorite TV Actor category?
What category was The Suite Life on Deck nominated for later than 2010?
Who won the 2010 Kids' Choice Awards?
What was the Rd. Time for October 3, 2009?
What is the greatest lost where played is less than 9?
What is the greatest played with a drawn less than 1 and a position of less than 1?
What is the smallest drawn when the points are less than 7 and the against greater than 31?
What is the name of the team that has 13 points?
What was the Nominated Work earlier than 2003?
What was the Nominated Work earlier than 2003?
What was the Nominated Work earlier than 2003?
Which method's event was flawless fighting championship 1: the beginning?
Which method's opponent was chris clark?
Which record's round was 3 when the event was fight festival 27?
What is the Fourth place with a Year that is 1978?
What is the Fourth place with a Year that is 1966?
What is the Champion with a Year that is 2008?
Who was the opponent for the game played on September 19, 1994?
In which week was attendance at 50,814?
What date after Week 6 was a Bye?
What subjunctive also has an inverse subjunctive of måchadns?
What imperative has måcha as 3.sg?
The indicative of si måchan has what as the inverse subjunctive?
What inverse subjunctive has — as the imperative and a subjunctive of se måchadn?
With a subjunctive of du måchast what is the imperative?
What subjunctive has the indicative of se måchan(t)?
What is the Win % in the Span of 2011–2013 with a Lost of less than 1?
How many games were Tied during the Span of 2011–2013 with a less than 80% Win %?
On what date were sheets issued in Tallahassee, Florida?
Which printer issued sheets on October 5, 2006?
What is the least amount of silver medals won by Total with more than 1 bronze and more than 18 total medals won?
How many positions have points against less than 28, americano-sp as the team, with a played greater than 8?
How many losses have points against less than 15?
What average played has an against less than 15?
How many losses have a played greater than 8, ypiranga-sp as the team, with a position greater than 5?
What lost has a position greater than 2, a drawn greater than 0, with an against greater than 15?
What is the sum of Asian or Amerindian (%), when State is Sergipe, and when Brown (%) is greater than 61,3?
How many points were there when there more than 6 losses and less than 14 matches?
How few losses were the least number of losses and points higher than 23?
What is the highest number of matches with more than 18 points and more than 1 draw?
Who was the champion in the game played at the St. Andrews Links with Dick Chapman as the runner-up?
What is the score of the match won by Willie Hunter at the Royal Liverpool Golf Club?
What player from England was the runner-up at the match played at the Royal Porthcawl Golf Club?
Who was the champion in the match where C.A. Palmer was the runner-up?
What player was the champion in the match where E.A. Lassen was the runner-up?
What is the score of the match played in England where Peter McEvoy was the champion and Paul McKellar was runner-up?
Which federal state has 6 representatives of national average?
According to the 2010 census, what was the population for the federal state that had less than -6 deputies required ignoring the limits?
What is the lowest number of blocks for players with height of 206 and more than 356 spikes?
What is the number of weight values associated with 340 blocks and more than 353 spikes?
What award did Forest Whitaker win in 1989?
For what motion picture did Samuel L. Jackson win the best supporting actor award before 1997?
Which actor won in 1966?
What is the lowest influence with population in the millions less than 60.64, and MEPs less than 22, and 454,059 inhabitant per MEP?
What is the highest population in the millions that has an influence of 1.02?
What is the sum of the population in millions that has an influence less than 2.91, a MEP smaller than 13, a member of Latvia, and more than 286,875 inhabitants per MEP?
What is the highest number of inhabitants per MEP that has MEPs larger than 50, a member of Germany, and a population less than 82.43 million?
Which World Rank has a Year smaller than 1977, and a Location of eugene?
What's the lowest Year with a World Rank of 5th, with a Result greater than 20.31?
Which Year has a Result smaller than 20.26, and a Location of eugene?
What is the Result with a Location of brussels?
What Year has a Result smaller than 20.31, and a World Rank of 5th?
What is the record when the Nuggets are the home team?
What is the lowest number of points for Drivers that have raced in more than 16 Races?
What is the least number of Races for a Racer with less than 0 Points?
What is the average Year during which the Driver Adrian Quaife-Hobbs has fewer than 2 Poles, and 0 Fast laps?
Which city contains the KPIX station?
Which station has channel TV (DT) of 3 (26)?
What is the current affiliation when the years owned is between 1955–1995?
What is the city containing the KDKA-TV station?
Which Channel TV is located in Baltimore?
What is the least number of goals scored in the play-offs among the players that have scored 2 in the FA Cup?
What is the average number of goals scored in the FA Cup among players that have more than 20 total goals, less than 1 FA Trophy goals, and less than 25 league goals?
What is the latitude and longitude for Surveyor 3?
What is the largest mass for Tycho Crater?
What Field was Commissioned in 1958, 2005?
What is the Annual Generation at Kawerau (Bope)?
What is the Name of the power station with a Capacity of 25 MW?
What is the Name of the power station in the Field of Mokai?
How many goals were scored in 2004 when the gp/gs was "did not play"?
How many assists were there when the total points was 2?
What was the total number of points when there were 7 assists?
What was the gp/gs when the assists was 1?
what was the gp/gs in 2003 when the total points was "did not play"?
What was the outcome for Jan Pisecky and his partner?
What player weight 235?
What is the height of the F who weighs less than 195?
What team does F Trey Gilder play for?
What player plays for the Dakota Wizards?
Which player who weighs 210 plays for the Reno Bighorns?
What position does Brian Butch play?
Which Position has a Player of tyronn lue, and a Years in Orlando of 2003–2004?
Which School/Club Team has a Player of deandre liggins?
Which Position has a Years in Orlando of 1997–1998?
Which Position has a School/Club Team of stanford?
Which School/Club Team has a Years in Orlando of 1997–1998?
Which Position has a Years in Orlando of 2003–2004?
What is the High assists with a Date that is february 27?
What is the High points with a Game that is 56?
In what Distance has a Venue of sale?
WHo is Winner/2nd that has c. symons?
Which Race that Jockey of d. nikolic is in?
Name The Result that has a Distance of 1200m, and a Weight (kg) of 55.5?
What is the previous team of the United States player who had 2 NBA years and played the F position?
Which Team has a Score of 108-107?
Which Record has a Date of may 31?
Which Game has a Team of at phoenix, and a Score of 107-119?
Which Location Attendance has a Game larger than 5?
Which Team has a Score of 89-123?
What is the average Game with a Date that is june 14?
What is the Record with a Team that is detroit and a Date that is june 10?
What is the Location Attendance with a Record that is 1-4?
How much is the GDP for a population density of 254.7?
Which country has a population density of 50.3?
How much is the GDP for an area of 61,395?
How much is the population density with a GDP at $188,112?
How much is the GDP for an area of 116?
Which country has a population of 3,221,216?
What was Miller Barber wins with Top-5 less than 2 and 19 Events?
What is the average number of Wins in a PGA Championship with a Top-5 less than 2?
What is the highest Top-5 ranking with Events less than 4?
Which week's game was attended by 65,272 people?
How many people attended the game in week 13?
During which week was the earliest game with an attendance of 65,904 people?
What height is the tallest for an outside hitter?
What is the highest silver rank with a total of 27?
What is the total number of Silver when Bronze was smaller than 1 with a total smaller than 2 in Bulgaria?
What is the temperature classification of a purple colored glass bulb?
What is the color code with a temperature classification of ordinary?
What is the temperature rating of the intermediate temperature classification?
What is the average Goals for team Kairat, in the 2002 season with more than 29 apps?
What is the Country for the 2006-07 season?
What is the average Apps for the team Kairat with level larger than 1?
How many laps did the rider with a grid larger than 11, a Honda cbr1000rr bike, and a time of +42.633?
Who was teh rider with 18 laps and a grid of 25?
Who was the rider who had an accident time and a kawasaki zx-10r bike?
What is the time of rider Loic Napoleone, who had less than 18 laps and a grid greater than 8?
How many laps did the rider with a grid larger than 14 and a time of +33.150 have?
What is Away, when Home is Guelph Gargoyles?
What is Home, when Ground is Humber College North, and when Time is 15:00?
What is Date, when Away is High Park Demons?
What is Date, when Away is High Park Demons?
What is Time, when Away is Central Blues?
What cover has a published date of May 27, 2009 (hc) May 20, 2009 (tpb)?
What is the number of the volume that has an ISBN of 978-1-59582-712-8 (hc) 978-1-59582-713-5 (tpb)?
What is the name of the series with an ISBN of 978-1-59582-523-0 (tpb)?
What volume number has the ISBN of 978-1-59582-712-8 (hc) 978-1-59582-713-5 (tpb)?
What is the ISBN of the Conan the Barbarian series that has the title of Queen of the Black Coast?
What cover has Throne of Aquilonia as the title?
With a Rank of less than 4, what is Pablo Prigioni's total number of Games?
How many Assists for the Player with more than 25 Games?
What is the Rank of the Maccabi Tel Aviv Player with 25 Games?
How many Assists for the Player with a Rank greater than 3 in less than 25 Games?
How many Games for Rank 2 Terrell McIntyre?
What is the Venue of the Heptathlon after 2006 where Tatyana Chernova comes in Position 7th?
In what Year did Chernova come in 1st in Götzis, Austria?
Which Cover Model was featured on 8-03?
Who was the Centerfold model when O.J. Simpson was the Interview Subject?
Who was the Cover model when the Centerfold Model was Marketa Janska?
Who was the Cover model on 11-03?
Who was the Centerfold Model on 9-03?
How many rounds had a selection of 165?
What is the average Height for the Position of d, with a Birthplace of new hope, minnesota?
What is the 1990–1991 Team when the Birthplace shows as new york?
What is the Position when the person's birthplace was toledo, ohio?
What is the 1990–1991 Team that had Joel Otto?
Which T.C. has a Year larger than 2007, and a D.C. of 21st?
What kind of D.C. has Races smaller than 20, and Points larger than 0, and Drivers of christian vietoris, and Wins of 1?
Which Races has a T.C. of 3rd, and a D.C. of 7th?
What is the 2007 of the Grand Slam Tournaments in 2008?
What is the Tournament with a 3r 2011 and A 2010?
What is the 2008 of the 2r 2011 and A 2010?
What is the 2010 of the Grand Slam Tournaments in 2011?
What is the total number of runners-up for a club with winning years of 2010?
Who were the runners-up for the FC Viktoria Plzeň club?
Which congress was held in 2010?
What is the casting temperature for a hardness of 22?
What is the hardness for the alloy that is liquid at 243 degrees C?
What is the Sn/Sb percentage that is liquid at 258 degrees C?
What is the remelting temperature for the alloy that has a Sn/Sb ratio of 9.5/15?
What is the casting temperature for the alloy with hardness 21?
What's the most laps when grid is 16?
How many laps were there for a grid of 13?
How many weeks had an attendance at 69,149?
On what date did week 6 occur?
Who was the opponent on December 18, 2005?
What is the result/score for the match report recap on week 14?
How many weeks have w 51-29 as the result/score?
What is the result/score that has 6-5 as the record?
Which match report has l 7-30 as the result/score?
Which game site has a recap as the match report for week 7?
Which shooter's time is more than 8.97 and has a year prior to 2013?
What country was the race in on April 27?
What is the name of the team leading on August 17?
What is the highest Ranking Round Rank for Russia with a Final Rank over 11?
Which Music has a Points Jury of 18 (5,5,4,4)?
What is the Music if the Dance is Jive?
What is the Music for Team anna guzik & rafał kamiński that has a Points Jury of 24 (7,5,6,6)?
Which Music has a Dance of Modern?
What is the Points Jury for Dance pop?
Which Place has a Points Jury of 34 (7,8,9,10)?
What is the 2013 press freedom index of the country Egypt?
What is the 2013 index of economic freedom of Slovenia?
Which League Cup that has a Total of 19 and a League smaller than 15?
For what country is the skip Andy Kapp?
Who is the second on the North America team for which Cathy Overton-Clapham the third?
Who is the lead of the team from Lockerbie?
What is the name of the team from Stirling?
Who is the lead on the Europe team that has a Liudmila Privivkova as the skip?
Who is the second of the North America team from Edmonton, Canada?
What is the livery of the steam locomotive built after 1950 with a wheel arrangement of 2-6-2?
What livery belongs to the steam Locomotive type builder that was building before 1989?
What is the total number of medals when the gold is more than 2 and silver more than 2?
What is the most silver medals when the total is less than 4 and the rank is 12?
What is the total number of bronze medals when the silver is greater than 0, and the total medals 5?
What is the total number of medals when the bronze is more than 1, and Germany is the nation, and gold medals less than 1?
When Oscar Míguez had over 107 goals, what was the lowest he ranked?
What was the highest number of goals for 1922–1935?
Which pick number was there for Jason French?
Which cfl team was associated with the college of manitoba?
Which college's cfl team is the hamilton tiger-cats?
Which position's cfl team was the Montreal Alouettes when the pick number was less than 15?
Which player was drafted by the Saskatchewan Roughriders?
What college did Ben Wearing play for?
What is the average FA Cup Goal value for players that have 0 Other goals, 0 FL Cup goals, and fewer than 39 League goals?
On what date were the Ottawa Swans the away team?
What was the score of the game with the Etobicoke Kangaroos as the home team?
What was the score of the game with the Broadview Hawks as the home team?
What was the score of the Broadview Hawks home game?
Who was the away team for the Etobicoke Kangaroos home game?
What was the date for the 130-56 game?
What is the date with Cuba is Home team?
What is the location with Honduras is Home team?
What is the location of 11 April 2013 and Mexico Home team?
What is the date that is Away team is Honduras?
What is the date where Guatemala is the Away team?
What is the score for 17 April 2013?
How many weeks have September 14, 2008 as the date?
What opponent has a week less than 16, with September 7, 2008 as the date?
What record has candlestick park as the game site, and october 12, 2008 as the date?
What date has new england patriots as the opponent?
What date has 10 for the week?
What game site has w 10-3 as the result?
What is the sum of Rank that when the Singapore Cup is 0 (1), and the Name is masrezwan masturi?
What is the Name of the person with a Total of 3 (15), and Rank of more than 3?
What is the Singapore Cup when the S-League is 5 (14)?
What is the Singapore League Cup when rank is more than 4, and the S-League is 2 (12)?
In which tournament did Al Geiberger finish runner-up?
What is the Season with an Acquisition via of rookie draft, and the number is 15?
What is the Acquisition via for Dennis Miranda?
What team acquired as a rookie draft in the position of guard Dennis Miranda?
What season was School/Club Team perpetual help in the guard position?
What number was Rashad McCants?
What season did School/Club Team, East have an Acquisition via of trade?
What is the Date for the City/State of Sydney, New South Wales?
What is the Revenues during Tenure 1854-1855?
What is the Revenues of Ukyo-Daiyu?
What country was the player, rod pampling, from who placed t10?
What was the score that thomas levet got when he placed t10?
What country did the player who scored 73-73-65=211 come from?
What is the score that the player who placed t4 from the united states get?
What country is phil mickelson from?
What is the Team with a Machine that is nsr250 and has Points of 8?
What is the total lost that has points greater than 8 and a difference of - 8 and a position of greater than 5?
What is the greatest number of points that has a lost bigger than 5, a difference of - 10 and a played bigger than 12?
What is the Name with an Average that is 16.4?
What was the match number for Start Gniezno?
Who was the team that lost but had 10 points?
What was the draw for Lpż Gdańsk with a match of 8?
What team had a draw of 0?
What match had 8 points?
What is the draw for a match that had 10 points?
What was the 1980-1981 team of the player born in Warroad, Minnesota?
How many losses have a draw greater than 0?
Which average match has points less than 6?
Which average draw has points greater than 12?
What Trainer had Jockey William Jenkins in a race with Time of 1:44.80?
In what Year was the Purse $150,000 with a Time of 1:49.00?
What Owner's Trainer is Todd A. Pletcher?
What was the Purse for Owner Harold A. Allen prior to 2009?
What is GDP (PPP) Per Capita 2012 Euro, when Population In Millions is greater than 10.8, and when GDP (Nominal) Per Capita 2012 Euro is 25,600?
What is GDP 2012 Millions of Euro, when Population in Millions is less than 1.3, and when GDP (Nominal) Per Capita 2012 Euro is 20,700(p)?
What is GDP (PPP) Per Capita 2012 EU27 = 100, when GDP 2012 Millions Of Euro is 309,900?
What is Population in Millions, when GDP 2012 Millions of Euro is 600,638?
What was the Money for Player Ernie Els?
What T9 Player had a Score of 70-74-69-70=283?
What is the Money for the T1 Player with a Score of 66-69-70-75=280?
What is Chris Riley's Money?
What is the lowest amount of Span metres when the year opened is 2007, the country is China, rank is less than 13, and the span feet is less than 1378?
Which country's material was concrete when the span metres were less than 270, span feet is more than 837, and the year opened was 1943?
What country won in 1993?
What was the finish with a total larger than 286, a to par of +4 and Bob Tway played?
What player in the United States had a total of 286 and won in 2003?
What country has a total of 293?
What player is from Fiji?
Which method was used in the welterweight class with a preliminary card?
Which method was used in a round greater than 3?
Which weight class had a time of 4:59?
What was the time for a round less than 3?
What is the smallest round for the welterweight class with a preliminary card?
Were there Bulletins to all contacts of the proprietary license created by Microsoft with no transport layer of security?
Were there Bulletins to all contacts of the license created by GG Network?
What is the name of the license created by IETF?
What is the envelopment for the rhabdoviridae family?
Which Baltimore group has a viron shape of icosahedral, replicates in the cytoplasm, is non-enveloped, and is from the astroviridae family?
Which Baltimore group is of the retroviridae family?
Which Baltimore group is of the togaviridae family?
Which Baltimore group is non-enveloped and is of the papillomaviridae family?
What is the replication site when the species is enveloped and is of the bunyaviridae family?
What is the highest League Cup with a Player that is steed malbranque?
What is the Manufacturer with a Fuel Type that is diesel?
What is the Higgins with a Scallon that is 2%?
What is the Higgins with a Davis that is 9%?
What is the Source with a Norris that is 7%?
What is the game 2 sum attendance of the team with a total attendance of 759,997?
What position does Barry Rose play?
Which Jersey # has a Height (cm) of 183, a Name of paul stastny, and a Weight (kg) smaller than 93?
When the Runner-up was Angaston, and the Year was less than 1927, who was the Captain?
When the Score was kapunda 7-7-49 angaston 6-8-44, who was the Runner-up?
Which year had a Score of kapunda 14-13-97 tanunda 5-14-44?
When the year is later than 1939 and the Runner-up is Tanunda, who is the Captain?
What's the tournamnet name that has a 2001 of 1r and 2011?
What is the 2001 tournament with a 2005 4r?
What french open tournament happened in 2010 and has a 2004 1r?
What 2002 tournament has 2008 career statistics?
Which season has a Staffel E of Stahl Riesa?
What is the Staffel D in the season 1983-84 with a Staffel E of Motor Suhl?
What is the Staffel A that has a Staffel D of Energie Cottbus and a Staffel C of Chemie Leipzig and a Staffel B of 1. FC Union Berlin?
What is the Staffel B that has Hallescher Fc Chemie as Staffel C?
Which week's date was September 27, 1953?
What is the largest attendance number when the Chicago Cardinals were the opponent and the week was less than 4?
When Gigi Fernández Natalia Zvereva 6–2, 6–1 won, who was the Tier II Runner-up?
Who were the semi finalists when Alexia Dechaume-Balleret Sandrine testud was the runner-up?
What tier had a runner-up of Lisa Raymond and a semifinalist of Sandrine Testud Mary Pierce?
Who were the semi finalists when the runner-up was Alexandra Fusai Wiltrud Probst?
What is the Label that shows on april 7, 1967?
What is the Date when the Country shows uk, the Format is cd, and the Catalog of edcd 227?
What is the Date for Catalog of lp 5060?
What Date was the Country of japan, and a Label of sony?
What is the Catalog with a Format of lp, a Country of us, a Label of sundazed, and a Date of 2006?
What is the Label name that has a Country of uk and the Catalog is bpg 62988?
What were the Lyrics (l) and Music (m) for the Artist who was in a Position higher than 3 and who earned 1st Place?
What is the Rank of the Nation with 0 Silver and more than 1 Bronze?
What is the Total medals for the Nation with 1 Silver and 0 Golds?
Which potential's period 5 is 4 and has an element of antimony?
Which lowest period's element is ruthenium?
Which highest period's element is platinum?
What is the Venue with a Result that is lost?
What is the highest administrative panel with a cultural and educational panel of 2 plus an industrial and commercial panel larger than 4?
What is the total for National University of Ireland with an industrial and commercial panel less than 1, and the cultural and educational panel bigger than 0?
What is the administrative panel average when the cultural and educational panel is greater than 1 and the industrial and commercial panel less than 4?
What is the biggest administrative panel with a nominated by the Taoiseach greater than 3 and an argricultural panel of 5, plust a cultural and educational panel larger than 2?
What is the smallest cultural and educational panel with a nominated by the Taoiseach less than 5 and the total greater than 19?
With the cultural and educational panel less than 0 what is the average industrial and commercial panel?
What is the total number of silver medals for nations with 5 total medals and more than 3 gold medals?
What was the label in 1969?
What is the Commissioned date of the ship in NVR Page MCM02?
What is the NVR Page of the ship with a Home Port of Sasebo, Japan?
Which week's game was attended by 54,015 people?
What date was the game that was before week 4 and was attended by over 54,015 people ?
In what venues was the match with a final result of Eng by 4 wkts?
What is the running time of the transmission on bbc four channels on 23 March 2008?
What is the notes of the transmission on channel bbc four and a time of 22:30?
Which channel was on 28 December 2008?
What is the channel with a 03:40 time?
What is the Other b when the FA Cup shows 3 (17)?
What is the Total when the league shows 79 (221)?
What is the Name when the League Cup shows 0 (0), and the FA Cup is 12 (14)?
What is the League for 1952–1960?
What shows for the League when the FA Cup is 6 (20)?
What club wast he player hristo stoitchkov from?
What is the content for la sorgente sat 3?
What language is telemarket for you?
What language is telemarket for you with a content of televendita?
Which team has points less than 6 in a year after 1969?
How many wins for the team with points less than 6 and a 350cc class?
What is the lowest points for 36th rank?
What is team Yamaha with 3 points ranked?
What years did the player ranked less than 8 and had 447 matches play?
What is the Time with a Record that is 15-7?
What is the Event with a Time that is 3:06?
How many silvers did Turkey get?
What position does Denard Walker play?
What was the pick number for the wide receiver drafted from Michigan State?
Which player came from Kent State?
What is the total number of bronze medals, and 4 silver medals, and 2 gold medals?
Which Tournament has a score of 2–6 6–4 [10–8]?
Which Tournament has a Score of 6(4)–7 2–6?
What is the Score of the match where Opponents in the Final was Vitalia Diatchenko Irena Pavlovic?
What is the High rebounds with a Game that is 62?
What is the Team with a Score that is l 79–92 (ot)?
Who is the coach of the 2012 Gold Coast Titans season?
Who is the coach of the 2010 Gold Coast Titans season?
Who is the captain of the 2012 NRL season competition?
How many wins were in the PGA Championship when there were more than 10 events?
What is the smallest number of cuts when there were more than 0 wins?
What is the total number of Rank for 1996–2007, when there are more than 108 goals?
What is the lowest Rank when the goals are less than 124 for Jeff Cunningham?
What is the total number of Rank with 100 goals, and less than 300 matches?
What is the highest Rank for Jason Kreis, with less than 305 matches?
What is the least number of wins when the top 10 is more than 8?
What is the sum of cuts made when the top-5 is 2, and there are 12 events?
What is the mean number in the top 5 when the top 25 is 1 and there's fewer than 0 wins?
What is the mean number of events when top-5 is 1?
How many top-25s are associated with more than 91 events?
What is the lowest Wins with a Top-10 that is larger than 9?
What is the average Cuts that were made with a Top-10 that is larger than 9?
Which record has 64,053 as the attendance?
Which date has rich stadium as the game site for week 1?
Which date has 1 as the week?
Which Title was awarded the gold RIAA Sales Certification?
For how many years did the song "Lost Without Your Love" win the gold RIAA Sales Certification, and have a Billboard 200 Peak greater than 26?
Before the Year 1972, what RIAA Sales Certification was awarded to the song that had a Billboard 200 Peak less than 18?
What RIAA Sales Certification was awarded to the song that had a Billboard 200 Peak of 21?
What is the sum of the Billboard 200 Peak scores after the Year 1971?
What is the sum of the Billboard 200 Peak scores given to the song with the Title Bread?
What is the number of gold when the silver is 1, bronze is 1, and the nation is Austria?
What nation has 2 bronze and a rank of 9?
What is the highest gold when bronze is 1, and rank is 5?
What is the lowest gold when there are 0 bronze and the total is less than 2, and silver is less than 0?
What is the sum of rank when total is 3 and the nation is Australia?
What is the Rank with a Goal number smaller than 66?
What is the spoofed title for Parks and Recreation with an issue larger than 509?
What was the actual title of the show that had an issue number less than 508, was written by Desmond Devlin, and for which Tom Richmond was the artist?
What issue was the spoofed title Ho-Hum land?
Game of Thrones was done by which artist?
What is the Surface when Todd Woodbridge was the runner-up, and a Date of 24 february 1997?
What is the Opponent when Todd Woodbridge was the runner-up, and a Date of 26 august 1996?
What is the Surface when the score was 4–6, 6–3, 6–7 (5–7)?
What is the Score when there was a hard surface and the Championship is new haven , usa?
Which Position player was born June 30, 1981?
What is the 2005-2006 team for player Phil Kessel?
What is the total sum of the goals at competitions with more than 10 draws?
For the teams that had more than 2 Byes, what was the highest number of Wins?
For the teams that had fewer than 4 Losses, and less than 16 Wins, what was the total number of Draws?
For the teams that had less than 1 loss, what was the average number of Wins?
For the teams that had fewer than 1 Byes, what was the lowest number of Draws?
What was the highest number of Draws scored by Sebastapol when the value for Against was less than 1802?
What is the Season when the Opponent was zenit st. petersburg?
What is the Opponent with a Round of q2, in the 2005–06 season?
What is the Competition for Season 2002–03, and the Opponent was zenit st. petersburg?
What is the Round when the series shows 5th place, and a Season of 2006–07?
What is the Series for the uefa cup, in the 2006–07 season, and a Round of group, and an opponent of az?
Which Flag did the Ship Aidavita have?
What shows for Set 5 when the Total was 77 - 65?
What is the Set 3 when the Total was 98 - 92?
What is the Total when the Set 3 was 25-15?
What is the Set 3 when the Total was 62 - 75?
What is the Score when Set 2 shows 25-20, and a Total of 75 - 49?
What is the ethernet ports of the m1500 appliance?
What is the ethernet ports of the u150 appliance?
What is the dimensions of the u50 appliance?
What is the ethernet ports of the u10 appliance?
What is the total number of Silver medals for the Nation with less than 1 Bronze?
What is the total number of Gold medals for the Nation with more than 1 Bronze and more the 4 Total medals?
What is the total number of Gold medals for the Nation with more than 3 Bronze?
How many Gold medals did Great Britain with a Total of more than 2 medals receive?
How many Silver medals did the Nation with a Rank of less than 1 receive?
What is the average total with 1 FA cup and more than 0 FA trophies?
Which club had more than 2 FA trophies and more than 2 FA cups?
Who was the opponent when the Maroons record was 11–4–1?
What was the result of the game on January 5, 1926?
What date had a margin victory of 2 strokes?
What is the margin of victory in a semgroup championship?
What was the winning score with a margin victory of 2 strokes?
What is the highest Pct %, when Goals Against is less than 229?
What is the average Goals, when Playoffs is Lost in Round 2, and when Games is less than 81?
What is the sum of Goals Against, when Lost is 45, and when Points is greater than 68?
What is the average Lost, when Games is less than 82, when Points is less than 95, and when Pct % is less than 0.506?
What is the Class when Wessex Trains Pink is the Livery?
What is the Livery when the Number is 31468?
What was the Skip for Germany?
What was the club for Great Britain?
Who is the alternate for Magnus Swartling as Second?
Which club has Jamie Korab as Lead?
Which Lead has Hans Frauenlob as a Third?
Who was the Home captain when the Result was Aus by 218 runs?
What is the Film title used in nomination of the Film with a Serbian title of бело одело?
In what Year was Labyrinth nominated?
What is the High assists for march 25?
What is the Score when Donyell Marshall (26) had the high points?
What is the highest Game when Morris Peterson (8) had the high assists?
What is the High assists when jalen rose (22) had the high points?
What is the High assists when the record was 28–40?
Who were the Brazil scorers who scored 3-3?
Who is the Brazil scorer who scored 6-0?
With a score of 2-2, what was the Result?
Which Original Team has a Hometown of Brooklyn, New York and a Background of Comedienne?
What is the Background of the contestant with a Hometown listed as Los Angeles, California?
What is the Background of the contestant with a Result of 07 fired in task 6 (2009-04-05)?
What is the Original Team of the contestant from Wrightsville, Georgia ?
Which Attendance has an Opponent of carolina panthers?
Which Date has a Week smaller than 11, and a Attendance of 54,094?
What is the number of the episode titled 'Sugar Daddy'?
Which nations have more than 1 gold medal and 4 silver medals?
In Week 7, what is the highest attendance number?
In Week 13, who was the opponent?
What date did Week 9 begin?
Which award was given in 2012?
Which award was given for the role of Elphaba in 2009?
What was the result for the role of Ellie Greenwich in 2005?
Which award was An Officer and a Gentleman nominated for?
During what year was Wicked associated with the Green Room Awards?
What manufacturer makes locomotive number CTN 46?
What type is locomotive number CTN 46?
What type is locomotive CTN 1364?
What cuts made has a wins less than 3 and 23 for the events?
What is the lowest events that have 17 as the cuts made, with a top-25 less than 8?
What are the lowest cuts made that have events less than 4?
What is the highest top-10 that has a u.s. open for the tournament, and a top-25 greater than 12?
How many points are there with more losses than 16, more goals than 44, and a smaller position than 13?
What is the sum of the points with less goals conceded than 51, larger than position 1, has a draw of 7, and more losses than 5?
Which has a Score of 6–1, 3–0 ret.?
Which Surface is on 23 january 2011?
When has a Surface of hard, a Tournament of wrexham , great britain?
Which Surface has an Opponent in the final of stéphane robert?
What kind of Surface has a Score of 6–4, 0–6, 6–2?
Which Call sign has a Branding of cbc radio one?
WHich Frequency has a Format of country / news / sports?
Which Format has a Frequency of 100.5 fm?
Which Frequency has a Branding of country 600?
WHich format has a Frequency of 99.3 fm?
What School Year has a Class AAAA of Dickinson?
If the Class A is Anton and Class AAA is Burnet, what is Class AA?
Where Class AAA is Atlanta and Class AA is Weimar, what is Class AAAAA?
What was the result of the game on week 11?
After week 2, how many people attended the game at Rich Stadium against the Miami Dolphins?
What is the attendance when the opponent is the San Francisco 49ers?
What is the result when the week is greater than 6 and the Buffalo Bills are the opponent?
What is the result when the attendance is 54,814?
What is the total number of weeks when the New York Jets are the opponent?
What is the result of the game when the attendance is 56,906?
What is Song's 会呼吸的痛 Index?
What Song's Index is F6?
What Group Song of Shine 王幸儿?
What is the Score of 我等的人会是谁?
What is the Name of Index F3?
What is the record after the game on Feb 10?
What is the earliest day that had a game against the Boston Bruins?
What is the sum of Solidat (c) that's purpose is display type, heavy duty jobs, and a hardness (brinell) is smaller than 33?
When the Sn/Sb (%) of 13/17, and a Liquidat (c) bigger than 283 what's the solidat (c)?
How many Liquidat (c) have a purpose of dual (machine & hand composition)?
What was the record for the Chargers on Week 10?
What was the result of the game on week 4?
How many weeks did a game happen on September 17, 2000?
What was the result of the game against San Francisco 49ers before week 16?
Who were semi-finalists in the event with a runner-up of Lisa Raymond?
Which song by David Essex spent 2 weeks on top of the charts?
What is the Volume:Issue number of the George McCrae song that spent less than 2 weeks on top of the charts?
Which venues closed in the 1990s?
Which venues were closed because they were replaced?
Which venue closed in 1996?
What were the reasons that venues closed in the 1990s?
Why did the Belk Gymnasium close?
Can you tell me the Score that has the Home team of townsville crocodiles?
Can you tell me the Venue that has the Away team of south dragons?
Can you tell me the lowest Crowd that has the Away team of melbourne tigers?
Can you tell me the Away team that has the Home team of south dragons, and the Score of 94-81?
Which position has a pick # of 238 and a round above 3?
Which player went to Vanderbilt?
How many grids had a Time/Retired of +4 laps?
How many laps had a constructor of toyota and a Time/Retired of +13.409?
What was the constructor when the laps were larger than 54, and the time/retired was +1 lap on a grid of 20?
How many grids had a constructor of renault and less than 4 laps?
Which census ranking is 57.06 km big?
Which status is 75.35 km2 and is named sussex?
What was the distance for the winner or 2nd Waterline?
What is the result for the distance of 10f, and a winner or 2nd of Lampra?
What is 1987, when 1986 is "1R"?
What is 1986, when 1978 is "A", when 1979 is "A", and when 1980 is "1R"?
What is 1984, when 1979 is "1R"?
What is 1982, when 1978 is "A", when 1985 is "4R", and when 1991 is "1R"?
What is 1989, when 1982 is "SF"?
What is 1992, when 1990 is "Grand Slams"?
What is the attendance date of the game home team Shrewsbury Town played?
What is the final score of the game home team Bolton Wanderers played?
Which round has an opponent of Freiburg?
Who was the home when the opponent was slovan liberec?
Which Game has a January larger than 18, and a Decision of valiquette?
Who has a Game smaller than 43, and a Record of 23-14-3?
What is the time for qual 2 that has the best time of 59.266?
Who is the driver for the Forsythe Racing team that has the best time of 1:00.099?
Justin Wilson has what has his best time?
Team Rusport has the best of 59.654 and what qual 1?
Sébastien Bourdais of the team Newman/Haas Racing has what qual 1?
What is Alex Tagliani's qual 1?
Which Bask has Soft of 18, and a Total larger than 35?
Which Volleyball has a Golf of 2, and an Indoor track of 3?
Which Bask has an Indoor track of 0, and a Swimming of 5?
Which Swimming has a Total larger than 35, and a Volleyball of 1?
Date for scotiabank place with less than 20 points, game larger than 16, and an opponent of montreal canadiens?
Total games for smaller than 15 points, date of november 15, and larger that 13,722 in attendance?
What was the results on September 24, 1995?
What was the results against the Philadelphia Eagles?
What is the date with 68,463 in attendance?
What was the attendance for week 15?
What is the name when winter is the transfer window?
What is the transfer fee when summer is the transfer window, the type is transfer and the country is Hun?
What is the type when Rangers are the moving from?
What is the type when McCormack is the name?
What is the type when £120,000 is the transfer fee?
What date is aston villa away?
what date did tie number 5 occur?
Which tie number has Bolton Wanderers as away?
What round was the circuit portland international raceway?
When was the circuit portland international raceway?
Which round had a city/location of Toronto, Ontario?
For which location was the round smaller than 11 and the circuit streets of denver?
What day was the location Cleveland, Ohio in Round 6?
What is the sum of attendance for the games played at Los Angeles Rams?
In which week was the attendance 47,218?
How many Decembers have calgary flames as the opponent?
What game has valiquette as the decision, with @ los angeles kings as the opponent?
What is the most elevated TF1 # that has an Official # larger than 47, and an Air date (France) of 13 july 2010?
What venue had SF?
What venue has more than 50,715 attending?
What round was at the A venue with a attendance more than 14,314?
What's the callsign of Mom's Radio 101.9 Zamboanga?
What's the power when the frequency is 101.5mhz?
What's the location of Mom's Radio 95.9 Naga having a power of 10kw?
What's the callsign in Tacloban?
What's the power of Mom's Radio 101.5 Tacloban?
Which 1947 Nos has a BR Nos of 48730-9?
What is the number of losses for the game with a win % of 71.43%, and No Result is more than 0?
What is the total number of wins in 2010, when there were more than 14 matches?
What is the number of wins when there are 14 matches, and the No Result was less than 0?
What is the number of losses when there were 14 matches, and the No Result was larger than 0?
What is the number of matches when the wins are less than 8, and losses of 7, in 2011?
What year was the Win percentage 50.00%, with more than 14 matches, and wins more than 8?
What area has less than 0.97 mil in population and is on the east?
What is the area for a population of 0.58 km?
what is the method when the result is loss on january 19, 2008?
when is the opponent lyoto machida?
who is the opponent when the method is tko (punches) at 4:26 of round 1?
who is the tuf competitor when the method id decision (unanimous)?
who is the opponent when the method is submission (rear naked choke) at 4:02 of round 2?
What is the venue where the melbourne tigers play their home games?
What team has theoir home games in the venue of gold coast convention centre?
What is the box score type for the game that has a score of 103-101?
What was the box score for the game where the away team was the sydney spirit?
What was the resolution of the fight when tim hague had a record of 15-7?
What event did Tim hague have a fight that had a time of 5:00 and a record of 10-4?
What method of resolution was the fight that took place at hardcore championship fighting: destiny?
What event did tim Hague have a record of 3-0?
What was the date of the poll from Survey USA that showed a lead margin smaller than 5.5?
Which organization administered the poll that showed a lead margin of 5.5?
What is the sum of Round, when Position is Forward, and when School/Club Team is Western Kentucky?
What is Position, when Pick is 7?
What is Pick, when Round is greater than 1, and when School/Club Team is South Carolina?
What is the Date of the game with an Outcome of runner-up and Score of 5–7, 3–6, 6–3, 2–6?
What is the Date of the game with a Score of 4–6, 4–6?
What is the Date of the game against Christo Van Rensburg?
Who was the home team for the game that has a Tie value of 3?
How many in total were in attendance at games where Chelsea was the away team?
What is the 2004 population for 昌黎县?
What is the 2004 population for 山海关区?
Which Hanzi has a suburban population in 2004?
What is the density of 昌黎县?
Which Hanyu Pinyin is labeled rural?
What is the Pressure in hPa (mbar), when Vacuum Range is "medium vacuum"?
What is Mean Free Path, when Vacuum Range is "medium vacuum"?
What is Mean Free Path, when Vacuum Range is "medium vacuum"?
what is the outcome when the date is 10 october 1994?
what is the score on 22 february 1993?
what is the outcome when the surface is grass on 23 june 1997?
what is the score when the surface is carpet (i) outcome is winner and the championship is rotterdam, netherlands?
what is the title when the rank is less than 17 and the worldwide gross is $299,288,605?
what is the highest rank for director john woo?
what is the title for director p.j. hogan?
What date was the pyramid location?
What date was the opponent the Portland Trail Blazers?
What is the record for the opponent the Cleveland Cavaliers?
What was the second qualification time for Dale Coyne Racing with a best of 1:03.757?
What was the second qualification time with a first qualification time of 1:02.813?
Which team has a second qualification time of 1:01.936?
Who had a best time of 1:00.870?
Who had a second qualification time of 1:01.777?
What type of 3D game was released between 2008-2011?
When did Riot Games release their 3D MOBA game?
When did Masthead Studios release their game?
What operating system was needed for 2D games?
What type of 3D game did Valve Corporation release?
What was the minimum operating system required by Stunlock Studios' game?
What was the total rounds Travis Hamonic played?
What is the name of the ship with pit props as Cargo sunk by u-48 *?
What is the Date of attack of the ship with iron ore sunk by u-101 *?
What is the fewest points for positions with under 12 losses, goals against under 50, goal difference over 11, and under 30 played?
What is the most wins for a position with more than 30 played and a goal difference of 11?
What is the total number of played for the goals against over 44 and a goal difference of 11?
What is Time, when Round is less than 2, and when Opponent is "Valentijn Overeem"?
What is Location, when Round is "1", and when Opponent is "Joe Slick"?
What is Event, when Opponent is "Joe Pardo"?
What is Event, when Round is "1", when Location is "New Town, North Dakota , United States" and when Time is "4:12"?
On what Date was the Opponent the Tennessee Titans?
What is the Result of the game with an Attendance of 64,104?
What is the Week number with a Result of W 30-28?
What is the date of the game against Philadelphia Eagles?
What is the Attendance of the game September 21, 2003?
What position has a pick less than 20?
What is the number that is the lowest overall for the College of Baylor?
What is the number that is the lowest overall for Round 6?
Where was the result a win against Mike Large?
In what round did opponent Joe Lauzon play?
Who was the opponent in a week over 8 on December 4, 1960?
Who was the opponent in a week less than 8 on October 9, 1960?
What was the result when 58,516 were in attendance?
Who was the opponent in a week below 3 on September 23, 1960?
What is the biggest number of females where the males are at 28.2 with a rank greater than 5?
Who was the player in 1976?
When was Elaine Powell (g) of the United states picked?
When was there a result of w 65-20 after week 6?
What is Celta's Agg.?
What is the 2nd leg for Barcelona Team 2?
What is team 2 if Team 1 is Numancia?
What is the sum of the Performance/Return on Capital (Score) when the Score (Iran) is less than 3, and the Score (Global) is 266?
What Total Assets (% Change) that has Performance/Return on Capital (%) greater than 25.63, and a Performance/Return on Capital (Score) greater than 7?
What is the NFL club of the cornerback player with a pick greater than 63?
What is the total round of the tight end position player?
What is the pick of the NFL club buffalo bills?
On What Date is the Competition Semifinal that has a result of 2-1 aet?
Which Location has a Competition of Group Stage, a Lineup of Start and a Date of 2000-09-17?
Which Match has a Competition of Group Stage on 2000-09-17?
Which Match played in a Location of San Francisco has a Competition of Semifinal?
What Location has a Date of 1995-06-15?
What is the most points 1 when the goals against are fewer than 97, lost less than 22, 9 draws and goal difference of +28?
What is the most points 1 when the goal difference is +28 and lost is larger than 12?
What is the maximum lost with points 1 more than 58 and 66 goals against?
What is the most goals for when there are fewer than 4 draws?
What was the result on October 20, 2002?
What is the nationality of the person with number 27?
What is the nationality of the SG position?
What is the rank of the film directed by danny devito?
What is the sum of the ranks for the film, eddie murphy raw?
Who directed Predator that was filmed with Fox Studio?
What is the total number of ranks that had vestron as the studio?
Which class had Stanley Dickens as a driver?
What was the highest amount of laps for class c1 and driver Derek Bell?
Where was the player born when the appearances were greater than 40 and made 17 goals?
When did the mf from England play for Gillingham that made 0 goals and less than 37 appearances?
Who is the player with a t8 place?
What is the country of player dale douglass, who has a t8 place?
What is the average score of player lee trevino, who has a t8 place?
What is the to par of player johnny miller, who has a t8 place?
What is the country of player chi-chi rodríguez, who has an e to par?
WHAT IS THE LEAGUE WITH PLAYER JOE COLBORNE?
WHAT IS THE ROUND NUMBER OF NICHOLAS TREMBLAY?
WHAT IS THE POSITION OF FRANCE?
WHAT IS THE ROUND FOR JAMIE ARNIEL?
What was the score on May 12, 2008?
Who was the opponent on September 26, 2009?
What was the average lead maragin for the dates administered of october 6, 2008?
What was the poll source for october 6, 2008?
Who has a place of T7 and is from the United States?
What is the Rank of the Film with a Worldwide Gross of $914,691,118?
What is the Director of the Film The Fugitive?
What was the highest points on October 12, when the attendance where is over 10,701?
When was Montreal a visitor?
What Title's Transliteration is Fal'shivaya Nota?
What Title has a Transliteration of u lyudey-to v domu?
What is average frequency MHZ when is in portales, new mexico?
What is FCC info when ERP W is larger than 92 and call sign has k264ba?
Which call sign has ERP Wlarger than 250, and Frequency MHZ smaller than 99.3?
Where was the game played when the score was 1-4?
Who was the game played against on 2004-02-28 at Skytteholms IP?
When the game was played at Domnarvsvallen who were the opponents?
Who were the opposing team when playing in the Portugal venue?
Where was the game played on 2004-06-23?
What is the to par for Tom Weiskopf?
What title did George Fury win when on the Oran Park Raceway?
Who was the winner on the Amaroo Park circuit?
What are the fewest points for goals fewer than 13?
How many goals when more than 10 games played?
How many losses when goals against are more than 17, goal difference is more than 2 and points are more than 5?
How many draws when there are fewer than 6 wins and the goal difference is less than -15?
How much Draw has a Rank of 3rd, and a Performer of noelle, and Points larger than 79?
Which Draw has a Performer of jenny newman, and Points smaller than 77?
Which Points have a Draw of 2?
